LARA ACOSTA - LinkedIn Posts

---

POST 1

URL: https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7473329693518303234/

Date: 19/06/2026

This is by far the most rewarding thing about my job.
Making my dad's dreams come true.
That's my entire "why". To speak his name in rooms he's not in and be the best reflection of the man he is.
This week I got to do that. I met one of his heroes.
One of the biggest influences of my career too.
Ryan Deiss (he's a very big deal btw!!)
The first thing I did? Thank him.
The second thing? Asked him for a video for my dad!
There is no greater joy for me than to get to do this.
Doing exactly what he dreamed I'd do when I grew up.
To anyone reading this:
When your why is clear the how is easy.
Everything changes when the dream isn't just your own.
^That phrase changed everything for me. Read it again!
(Repost if you loved this story ♻️)
P.S. What is your why? Or who do you do this for? Tag them!

---

POST 2

URL: https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7473072175097249793/

Date: 18/06/2026

This is for everyone who thinks they need a big team to scale their online business.
I built my first 2x businesses solo. One-person operation.
I didn't understand how to hire.
I didn't know what raising funding was.
Ended up building a million-dollar business in the meantime.
A lot of it was driven by building online communities.
We're doing it now for our software business too.
And it all seems super complex.
Building it, hiring CSMs, running it…
But we're in the AI era now, where platforms are making this problem.
This is for everyone who has a dream that simply seems out of reach.
Just sat through the Circle Eclipse Launch - and it changes things for everyone.
Solves the one problem I had when i started.
Running a proper community without hiring 10+ people.
Circle just announced their biggest Launch ever.
And it includes Circle AI an AI partner that learns your business (Literally) and runs the community for you.
Without 5 new hires to manage it.
Without choosing to market or build your community.
I truly wish I had this when I started.
I've seen Ali Abdaal use Circle for years now and I'm going all in on Circle in 2026.
Never give up, never doubt yourself, stay focused. Your breakthrough is one conversation with Circle AI away.
Join the waitlist for early access: https://lnkd.in/epzG5dZa

---

POST 3

URL: https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7472971360458342400/

Date: 17/06/2026

I'm leaking my phone number.
(and I'm kinda scared)
Look, I run my business using mostly two things.
1. Is LinkedIn.
2. Whatsapp.
My co-founder Jake and I have been using it since 2023 to share everything content and growth related.
• We'd literally share the smallest 'tweaks' and trends.
• We'd be tracking impressions and followers.
• Celebrating and learning from each other.
• We'd show each other new funnels...
Those direct messages made a big difference.
Because no one was sharing the 'ugly' part online.
And today, I built something exactly like that. For you.
It's a small insider space for other serious business owners who want that same support I had.
An invite-only channel so you can learn and grow faster on LinkedIn.
The reason? I wish someone made this post 3 years ago.
I'm keeping this 100% free.
You'll get real BTS of what's working.
No link sharing for engagement will be allowed.
LinkedIn makes a lot more sense when you can see how experts actually do it.
If you want in, join here: https://tally.so/r/zxdkRk
PS: This is application only and we'll be taking the link down in 42hrs.