Source: https://youtube.com/watch?v=wCWlQ1uEnlQ

Hey everyone, good to see you guys today um on our mini webinar slash new episode of FullFunnel Life. Uh it won't be a full webinar because we're not going through the whole concept of fullfunnel marketing. But what we want to address today is the framework that we use with our clients that actually we co-created with our clients and uh use it as a proof right how to show marketing impact and revenue in just 90 days in one quarter right so probably some of you have seen that yesterday we have published our first book basically on the same topic with slightly different subheading fullfunnel marketing how to survive as B2B CMO in AI era and long sales cycles. Um the framework that we are going to share with you today is the part of this book and um also at the end of this session as we promised we want to run a live giveaway to share with you to celebrate the launch. uh we want to give a few uh prizes for everybody who supported our launch. Uh so we'll give one consultation, a few ABM bundles, I mean our courses uh fullfunnel ABM and ABM on LinkedIn and um we also um what else? We'll also give one license to Fullfunnel Academy. So stay tuned, stay until the end. we'll have a lot of goodies for you. And um with that being said, uh let us know guys please where you all join from. Today we are again finally broadcasting from Sonia Spain after a few days of constant training. Let us know where you all join us from and maybe what we can just kick off. >> All right. So when we first talked about publishing this book was back I think end 2022 beginning 2023 and you know we had so many ideas we wanted to write it but then you know as things happen you know life happens business happened we didn't get to it and when Andre proposed to write it uh to finally like write it and publish it last year I was like but man like so many things have changed you know we are living after like two or three different types of crisis uh in our industry. We are seeing the AI hype. We are seeing a lot of things that have changed. So we really had to kind of like take a step back, dive deeper and understand what's actually going on. And this is the the first part of the presentation just to explain. So in order for us to really anchor this book and and the narrative and the solutions in there, we wanted to one understand what's going on in the market right now. What are the B2B CMOs struggling with marketers, marketing teams, but also like what is actually working these days. So uh let's dive into what we have learned. The first thing and there is probably not a better way to dis describe these things that are happening in the industry the problems the challenges that people and teams are experiencing than actually by hearing it from them and I think this one this quote captures this really well and it's talking about the widening gap within um between expectations that the leadership has and the actual reality and I of this sentence. Leadership wants faster results, bigger numbers, cheaper acquisition all of the same time. But at the same time, the buying cycles are longer, budgets are tighter, market noise is absolutely deafening. So that's actually capturing really well what a lot of teams are experiencing. There is a tremendous amount of pressure to deliver to deliver faster to deliver to do more with less right especially now these days when you have the AI let's say promise or the AI hype where leadership now assumes that yeah we can indeed do so much more we can indeed um let's say achieve all of the uh crazy expectations there uh with smaller teams, smaller budgets. The problem is even with teams that have successfully implemented AI and actually the reality is of course very different than what we see on our LinkedIn feeds. A lot of teams are struggling to implement this properly. But even with teams that have done this, even with teams that haven't let go of half of their marketing and and sales team, they're still struggling with the exact same challenges, they're still struggling to generate pipeline and revenue. So what is going on, right? So we try to also understand, okay, what is the status quo? What is actually the root cause of the problems that people are experiencing? And the first one is that there is actually kind of an inherited problem. Right? So we are dealing with things that let's say systemic problems. It's not because these teams are not doing their best. It's not because they're lacking specific skills. Is actually that a system is kind of set up uh for the teams to fail or to have difficulties. So the first one and the big one is that we have this broken attribution that there is with today with the new the way that the buyers buy where you have all of these different touch points where we know like uh 400 plus touch points required according to the hockey stack research when we know that you know people might check your LinkedIn and see your ads I don't know how many times visit your website hear about you on the or for somebody else, but all of that disappear. Sort of that early influence disappears and all we can see in the CRM is kind of the last things that happened. You know, when they booked the call or, you know, maybe that last ad that they clicked before they booked the meeting, uh, sales meeting, etc., etc. So, the attribution, the way it's set up, it's completely not reflecting the reality. And if a management is looking at the attribution is looking at those reports of course they are making decisions based on wrong data ba based on biased basically data as a result they increase pressure they are saying you know what uh we need more because okay we are missing our targets we are not so let's go for it let's squeeze the very last drop of juice from this quarter let's just go for it they are increasing because they don't see the impact of the long-term program. So they're only deciding to fund stuff that has that shortterm impact or that where the impact can be proven and with load six cycles that's that's very difficult. At the same time we have also different teams that are required like it's actually B2B marketing and sales. It's a multi-isiplinary sport. You need all of these different functions from marketing. You need to be able to educate your customers. You need to have good content. You need to generate the demand. You need your demand generation team. If you're an international company with regional teams, you need people in the field uh to actually implement the regional marketing, maybe events, whatever. You need to capture the demand. You obviously need sales, customer success. You need revenue operations. You need all of these teams to participate and work together. The problem is that they're all kind of in incentivized with the local KPIs. content chasing traffic, demand genent chasing MQLs, SDRs chasing booked calls or maybe even just whatever the volume of outreach and maybe only account executives owning the revenue. And when you have such a even with the best intentions, you will end up with misaligned teams. And we know when you have such a complex B2B buying process, it does require uh different teams to work together so that we can actually support the complete buyer journey that complex buyer journey and enable this you know whatever amount of touch points that are required. And in the end, you have you're doing your best to achieve goals that are already kind of set up to failure because we can only allow as a leadership. You're only allowing the short-term uh kind of programs. You're not you're don't get the chance to run the actual things that will generate brand awareness and demand, right? And at the same time, you're pressured to implement AI. You're also experiencing yourself personally a lot of fears of missing out. We all are. You know, you see all of these posts on LinkedIn and YouTube and everywhere really about amazing things that people are doing where in reality what actually is happening is that a lot of people obviously are like in the golden era trying to sell you the idea and sell you consulting courses whatever they're selling the tools the technology obviously all of that stuff. Uh but in reality the reality is very different. teams are struggling to properly implement it and especially struggling to get result from that. But at the same time, nobody's really willing to admit it. Nobody's really willing to say to come out and say, "You know what? We've been doing our best, but we are not really seeing the results." So there is a lot of FOMO going on. And finally, you're in that system. It's you're having inherited that system. is despite your best effort, you know, um you are trying to do your best. You're trying to optimize it. you're trying to, you know, at the end survive this quarter and hope that with all of these things that you're trying to improve, you know, the copy and, you know, more content with AI, maybe better personalization, whatever, will all these incremental improvements will result in the final uh expected revenue, expected pipeline. But the truth is different. Of course, if we don't change the system, uh this system problem is going to stay. You cannot solve this without actually changing the system. We are living in a broken playbook. And unless we change the playbook, we're not going to be able to um solve the problem. We are not going to be able to make the impact that we want as marketing. So um let's let's go on with this topic and wrap it up. Andre, if you want maybe to take the next one. >> Uh, I just want to quickly ask you guys, uh, any of these challenges sound familiar? Just type in the chat >> any any let's say number that sounds familiar to you. One, two, three, four, five, all of them. Just curious to see if that indeed resonates. We're the whole thing. All of them. Thank you so much. Yeah, it's the tr to be said as uh Vlad mentioned last year we did a research we spoke to 50 plus B2B CMOS asking about what's going on the challenges etc. So honestly it's not us making this up but this is what we have. Anyhow, I will briefly wrap up the uh kind of the consequence of it. Right. The biggest problem is that the model we all operate in the model how many B2B marketing companies uh give to marketing right the way how they see the marketing function it's fundamentally misaligned with the buyer journey right the best quote I have heard is from Ashley FA who was on our podcast from Atlassian she said B2B buyer journey is like a playground people come they can leave at any time They can do whatever they want and we can't push them but what we can do is just to influence that buyer journey and obviously it go it goes against the let's say final utopia that companies establish that there is a marketing funnel or sales funnel where we can just put as many leads as we want right and then proceed them on autopilot with automated outbound cadances or uh marketing nurturing email cadences right and generate the pipeline The biggest problem is aside from let's say business outcomes, aside from missed revenue targets, the biggest problem is the consequences that B2B CMOS are experiencing. You all probably know that the job market is really tough and the data just proves it right. First of all that uh we have seen this report that first time from John Miller from uh X demand base and Marqueta where he said that less than a third uh of cos currently trusting their CMOS right and you have noticed how CMO tenure is plummeting right and this is the big problem so it means that we're just staying in the system that is playing against us right and there are no ch Right? Like literally there is no way to optimize around. We can gain some time but ultimately we know how it will end up. So what's this solution right? Uh basically we'll share a few uh let's say fundamental principles then explain how to quickly get by in for this and uh lastly showed the step-by-step implementation framework. Um I will uh if you don't mind pl I will just briefly explain the core principles because I believe uh we have covered them multiple times and lots of uh people who are listening to us have seen them in uh on link in our read in our newsletters. Um so the core principles right whenever we think about marketing we need to think about buyer journey through buyer lenses right how the demand is formed on the buyer side right it's not that because they saw our ad or received and the mail they decided to buy right it never works like this and you can all recall your own buying experience right it always starts from being absolutely not in market where you are not looking for any solution but you are looking for best practices to stay up to date with industry news, trends, etc. Right? And this is how subconsciously we are making the list of preferred vendors, right? The companies that are delivering the best possible information that attract our attention etc. Then when there is a strategic project, a strategic initiative, right? And then we see that there are some challenges or we have some needs to uh be able to achieve the goals for that strategic project. We start looking for different solutions, right? But we might not know what is the best solution. We know that we need a solution but we don't know what is the best one. Uh so we start looking for alternatives. When we define the best solution then we start thinking about concrete vendor. Right? This is how we start evaluating these vendors. And when we know that this solution is aligned with our budget, needs etc. we make and also the vendor seems to be credible, trustworth, we buy from them more or less, right? And the reality that it's not linear at all. What does it mean for us? It means a simple fact that we must align marketing, sales and client success processes with this buyer journey. And uh I know yesterday I have seen a funny comment um about our book that uh the name of our company is fullfunnel.io IO right and the name of the book the title of the book is fullfunnel B2B marketing and once CMO mentioned the word funnel is already triggering leadership they are thinking that we can control the buyer journey that we can still fulfill the funnel right on autopilot but the truth is the fullfunnel marketing means that we need to influence the entire buyer journey together with all client facing teams from awareness to expansion Right? Not working in silos. The first slide that lad has shared but just together working on all of these stages and there are five prerequisites for it which you can read in more detail in the book. So here I'll just share the prerequisites. First one is strong go to market fundamentals messaging positioning for P product promotion right um cross functional collaboration another one we already spoke about this then influencing the entire buyer journey right fullfunnel attribution we can't just report on MQLs because we know that this is the vanity metric in complex sales cycles and we can't report always on revenue on all marketing programs But it doesn't mean that we can't show anything. We need to show the holistic measurement of how we are creating the awareness, how we are progressing the strategic accounts, how we are creating pipeline etc. These are the most important things. And lastly, whenever we want to do anything new, whenever we want to do something that has not been proven in your organization, we need to go through POS framework which stands for pilot operationalization scaling. We start with small scope pilots and uh a lot of people associate pilots to ABM. It's not of it because we spoke a lot about it but it's not about ABM. Whatever you want to try s leadership program, buyer enablement program, field events, I don't know business, you always need to follow through this uh process pilot then whenever you see the results you start operational analyzing it. You're creating good SOPs, you're creating quality benchmarks etc. you start adding AI to this processes to automate some routine tasks or parts right with your best practices and lastly scaling where we you start sharing this process or this program uh with the rest of the teams or start scaling it across the organizations. So these are the core solutions and we'll go uh to share with you stepby-step implementation but before you can implement you need to get the buyin. Oh, I am passing mic back to you Vlad. >> Yeah, this is a big one. Of course, it's very difficult to get a buying for a long-term program where we just explain why the leadership is only focused on the short term with the broken attribution, etc. So, it sounds like a chicken and an egg problem or catch 22. Not sure which one to use here. But how do you get out of this? So, that's something that all of our customers, all of our clients have to go through. They have to get their buy in. And I think we learned more from our customers about this than they learned from us. And I remember like the first time we had Ken um Ken Rhoden from back then it he was working for WY and cross knowledge uh whom we worked with as a client and then he gave the presentation. I was like okay this guy really understands how to get buying. So a lot of the stuff that we are sharing here actually comes from our experience of how our clients worked on that buying. So what we observed there is that there is kind of two types or two steps in the buying process or two types of buying that you need to get. The first one is you really need to get the buying into the problem before people are ready to change they need to believe that there is a problem that is worth solving right now. So if they don't align on that first of all there is a problem and b it is a high priority uh they're not going to even listen to the solution definitely not give you the uh not give you give you the opportunity to to implement it. The important thing here is to really understand what are the priority initiatives that your executive team is focused on and to also analyze really the performance of the current playbook to not just come with you know um here is you know we should run ABM or demand general whatever but really come armed with the numbers and analysis showing that the current playbook is broken. If we really understand the buyer journey of our customers, you know, running the more in-depth analysis of the existing deals, getting the information, showing them how actually uh people have people and companies have purchased our solution and then contrasting that with the way that we are marketing and selling showing the actual numbers. uh and then finally as I said understanding the priority of the executive team and then linking that to uh the their priorities showing how these problems that you have identified the broken playbook is are actually preventing them from achieving their uh goals whether those are you know the next funding round whether those are you know entering a new market etc etc and then to get a solution buying what we mean by That is to really together with what we call the change champions. So people in the team who are kind of resonating, they understand that we have a problem. They're open to change. They're open to try different things. Together with them define the actually what is it that we would need to solve? What are the concrete things? we call them the requirements that you would need to implement uh and solve in your current process and uh how do we do that and then the most important thing is as Andre briefly explained as well is to then don't ask to change everything don't ask for a revolution we actually again coming from our customer uh who said this is not a revolution it is an evolution of our current approach of our current current marketing and sales mix. So present it as an evolution, present a pilot without asking for much of additional budget, new team, new technology, but just one quarter with a small team to implement the new approach and show that it's working and explain exactly what will happen, what the expectations are only then I mean these are all the preconditions for properly uh getting the buy in. One way to think about it and I I love that Ken also explained it was I was treating the internal buying well the buying the leadership buying and sales buying as an internal buyer journey and you as a marketer you people who are attending you're as a marketer you're kind of uniquely positioned to influence that buying journey you are the ones who understand how to do that so treated as an internal buyer journey involve the internal stakeholders ers understand their needs and involve them in creating the solution. So two things that we would like to highlight from this we go into much more detail here giving examples for each of these uh six steps. Three for the problem buying and three for the solution buying. Uh two things that we would like to uh uh highlight is that what's very important about this pilot that you're defining as a way to prove that a different approach is going to work better is to focus not only on well to definitely not focus on the volume. You can't expect to have this crazy numbers in terms of the volume and revenue especially in complex B2B when you have you know 12 to 18 months sales cycles when you have multiple buyers uh you can't expect within a quarter which is what we usually run a pilot for to have immediate uh revenue results right so instead of that focus on efficiency right and what we mean by efficiency is how efficient are you in converting your strategic accounts? Because for a lot of B2B companies, the majority of the revenue comes from uh minority of the target account. So it's kind of an 8020 that you have 80% of revenue coming from maybe 20% of the account. So how efficient are we in converting those accounts into pipeline on revenue? Right? Another very important aspect is that this will never work. We already mentioned several times you need cross functional teams. The reason why you don't have crossunctional teams uh and even when they try to work together is because of misalign incentives. So one way that we have solved this at least dur during the pilot is to say instead of attributing fighting for the attribution let's just agree that all the accounts that we are going after as a team here as a cross functional team will be we'll get an allbound attribution which is to say uh instead of marketing sales source will obviously attribute it to the team which in practice also simply means means that the sales people who are involved will get a credit in terms of their compensation. Marketing doesn't get any compensation anyhow and no bonus is there. So we can mark those as marketing uh influenced or marketing source. And then finally once you have that cross functional team you define also the targets they're in charge of the same target which is uh related to revenue. Right? So the these are kind of fundamental principles that you need to get uh the buying from for because otherwise even a more successful pilot is not going to really be sustainable. And the one final thing that I wanted to highlight uh as I said didn't have the time to go through the full process of getting the bind. One practical thing that we always like to deliver and finish with is creating an executive memo. A lot of executives enjoy reading the memos um and uh are used to understanding the problem solution and the business case uh based on these short documents. And we also provide this pilot memo templating always with our customers with our clients help them to create such a memo where we explain you know the problem highlight the problem the cost of doing nothing like what is this costing us what is the impact on strategic object objectives that we have as a business um what are the key challenges that we want to solve what are the what is actually going to be that pilot who's going to be in that team who's going to do what and what are the key metrics that we are going to measure. So this is a process that can take some some effort summarized in a very short way. As I said, we go into much more detail in the book. Uh but uh we know this is something that should be addressed explicitly like um it's very very difficult to just like go to the leadership and say hey you know we should be doing X uh without taking the time to go through the problem solution buying and uh present the case for the pilot. So once you have that buy in, you're basically getting a buy in to run that pilot and you're actually only getting the first part of the buyin which is like okay show us we giving you the chance to show us to prove that this approach works. So how do you actually build that proof? This is the next part of the presentation and the book. >> We actually separated into two parts. uh one is planning and the second part is the actual execution and you might be wondering why you guys are talking a lot about planning but truth to be said um how many years we've been running full funnel six years so I would say that all successful projects that we have done together with clients we had proper planning which kind of created at 80% of the success. So proper planning just helps you to get by from everybody, set up the right expectations, prepare for all unexpected let's say situations and do the proper exe execution. The most important thing of the pilot of the pilot planning is making sure that everybody understands what we are going to do, why we are going to do this and how we are going to do this. So this is what we want to share with you next. The planning phase and then the execution phase, right? U planning a 90day pilot to show impact on revenue. The first step is really simple, right? Uh you are creating this memo, you are anyhow going to present it, right? The cost of an action, what will happen if we'll continue running our broken playbooks, if we won't try anything new, right? So the next if if hopefully you receive the bayin because we don't pretend that's an easy job right but let's say you got the bay in the next step okay how can we define the success of our pilot aside from MQL or any other metrics right that u usually reporting on and uh what would be the leading indicators that tell us that we did a fantastic job right or that this pilot works if we can't show the revenue. So that's why we are saying impact on revenue and you can you need to have an open conversation with sales leadership with uh with executives because uh I mean I can't exclude anything but normally any senior leader experienced seasoned leader would say okay if I can't show revenue 90 days which is true uh probably this would be the discovery calls with the strategic accounts probably this would be specific engagement from senior buyers Right? Um replies, conversations, especially from your sales team, you often will hear, well, if these people will start replying to my tweet, I would already consider this success. At least this is what we are hearing, right? When you have this criteria, just document them. Don't leave them back because what we have seen with a few teams in the past when this criteria are not defined at the end of the pilot different people could say hey but uh well I don't think that this pilot was good or whatever there could be multiple biased opinions right you need to have this data fixed so then you can report on this right okay these were our expectations this is the actual performance when you have this in place you can move to the second part which is account prioritization for a single cluster right we spoke a lot about this so you guys probably have heard multiple times from us about both concepts uh the cluster targeting means that we pick up one specific use case and then we pick up all the accounts typically I guess your sales team already has a list that is coming from territory planning right obviously your goal at this point your goal is not to reject this list or to recreate this list optionally If you want, if you have noticed some hot accounts that demonstrate strong engagement, you can bring this accounts. But your entire point to sales explain this prioritization framework. Okay? If I will give you just one simple litmos test. Ask a fellow sales rep. If we were going to bet our compensation this quarter on specific accounts, what characteristics do they need to match? Right? As simple as that. And then you can define maybe some product need evidence. So these companies are demonstrating these signals, some level of print awareness, right? So they have um signed up for your webinars or attended your webinars or visited high intent pages on the website etc. Right? There are some relationships. So we are connected to these people on LinkedIn or we met them at the events or they engaging with our content whatever. There are no strict rules. You define this together. And then your idea is just to segment all of these accounts into three buckets, right? By likelihood of creating the opportunity. The accounts that know you, you have relationship, you have strong product need evidence, you work on opportunity creation, right? The fully personalized plan for these accounts. Accounts that uh demonstrate some level of engagement and awareness. to have some relationship but you have no idea if they are shopping now if they have any strategic projects that your product could fit right you start doing account research you start doing validation and all other accounts are sitting in your demand gen layer and if you want just not to post any campaigns if your sales are running at standard outbound feel free to leave it that's absolutely fine the goal is to focus on two buckets right that's likely to be converted into sales opportunities and the most important part um whenever you do this you don't need to plan the new program from scratch start with everything that you have already planned I guess everybody has some sort of demand genen layer some activities that has been scheduled start thinking how to make these activities accountbased how can we make them uh for a specific cluster right so instead of let's say now we're just sharing more universal principle But uh generally speaking this uh when it comes to our business right we have expansion use cases we have marketing and sales alignment use cases we have launch and pilot ABM use cases right and then based on this for every cluster we create different types of content the same is here your product is likely to have multiple use cases you pick up one you start thinking about the most uh let's say the biggest challenges in this use case and you start tweaking or converting your programs into account based right how can we do this so always do it together with sales right think with them ask them will this topic resonate with this if I going to host the webinar will this topic resonate with this target accounts this is an example um really recent one with backbase with whom we been working for quite a long time and I think this is a fantastic example why because this because uh this is a global team working across the entire globe and how they were able to create uh basically going through the entire framework for pilot operationalization and scaling is amazing simple example right instead of talking about AI in banking they customize it to a specific segment like you can see it's all about for the wealth segment uh and one rep is talking about uh is kind sharing the content and the team is hosting the events for economical buyers and uh in parallel track they are doing the same but for the technical buyers right just picking up whatever they have in place and tweaking this to to to their target accounts so uh again I'm not saying it's not specifically limited to accountbased marketing per se you don't need to follow strict ABM rules but truth to be said why ABM is anyhow central part of it because we are focusing on specific strategic accounts that sales prioritize. Why? Because this is the only honestly this is the only proof that you can demonstrate to leadership. If they if your sales team will come and say these are our strategic accounts. We try to reach out. We try to engage never heard back from them and now these people are replying to us, signing up for our events, booking calls with us. this is the best proof that you did the job. So that's why anyhow accountbased marketing would be a part of it. But you don't need to follow let's say strict ABM guidelines as um we typically do for ABM. Anyhow uh let's move forward with the next slide. >> All right. So here this one is about creating a clear program type timeline which is like we mentioned several times we normally run a pilot for a quarter that might not be enough to generate pipeline uh well revenue definitely not and in some cases maybe not even pipeline or in some cases may be possible. uh what we it is enough to generate what we always easily agree with sales which is uh meetings booked with buyers from the strategic accounts as Andre mentioned previously a lot of the salespeople previously tried to reach out to those accounts were not be able to even get a response so being able to start conversations and then actually have discovery calls is a huge win uh within a quarter especially with those accounts the 2080 and the or the 8020 that I mentioned before uh the ones who generate the majority of revenue the clean timeline is important just so that uh we know that for example Edita you mentioned that as well was explaining start with what you have even just putting the existing programs and the activities on one shared calendar which is not a lot of teams do that and then starting to see the connections between them and making them account based is is how actually is the most realistic way to start. Um but also just everybody needs to know and understand what will happen when what can we expect at uh at each phase or a little milestone within a program. Next, you need to also clearly agree with with the team uh on clear responsibilities and roles. uh we have spoken about this many times within let's say the minimum viable team that you want to have a minimum viable cross functional team that you want to have for a full funnel program for an ABM program you want to have these kind of three core roles which include the program lead or the ABM lead if you're focused on ABM implementation who is a person who guarantees the sustainability of this so person who actually owns the program and the process and the reporting was coordinating uh kind of not just the project management but the whole coordination there then usually it's a person from marketing usually somebody kind of a little bit more senior B2B marketer sales development this is a some cases a miss missing function uh and it is something that sits kind of between marketing and sales and helps a lot especially when you're going after enterprise accounts trying to engage multiple buyers. It's almost impossible to do this with a proper uh multi-touch sales development. Uh they should be able to spend at least like a let's say a day a week uh let's say an hour a day day a week uh helping you working on engaging those target accounts. This is where you break or make the program content dedicated content resource. Um we try to repurpose as much of the existing content if it's appropriate as possible but still here you need to have somebody who is responsible to help adapt the existing content to be used by sales because at the end uh what we are trying to do here is to let's say bridge the top of the funnel and the the bottom of the funnel which is like awareness and then the actual sales uh activities. with these sales calls and and and and deal development by creating awareness, helping our sales reps get more responses, get more conversations, and uh creating content that they can use on social uh maybe events or webinars and things like that that allow sales to engage with target accounts. also content that is actually relevant uh for those target accounts. Um even just the pure fact that they will they will want to share that content with a senior buyer is already a good litmos test I think of whether this content is good quality and the right level. So these are the three essential roles but the you still need very important this won't work unless you get input from a good subject matter expert like otherwise the content is not going to be relevant uh ideally involve them maybe as a event speaker providing the input on the content uh on the strategic narrative what's actually going on in the market right now with those accounts and um and basically addressing that in our marketing and sales activities. is and somebody to help whether it's from RevOps or somebody kind of technical assistant to help with collecting the signal even if you have the most advanced signal engine you know develop you know with the AI and we have seen some really advanced stuff out there um that were not necessarily always used uh but you need somebody to then help uh bring those signals to the salespeople, making sure that every week we surface the most relevant ones that we know what's going on with those accounts that these kind of important things are not missed. But also, you know, the logistics of if you're running webinars or events of landing pages or whatever you need to do to implemented, content hubs, etc. Uh this is always helpful. If not, uh one of the team members need to pick it up. So having the clear team and responsibilities one person from each is enough part-time you don't expect these people to only be doing this program but clear commitment and also um agreement with the sales leader for example that that salesperson will be able to do that and also like a review of their targets. I mean are their targets going to completely prevent them from from being able to participate? Are their incentives completely misaligned? Is there something that we might need to do to, you know, allow them to actually participate and do the things that they need to do? And then one of the most important thing is to have the indicators, the leading indicators because again we mentioned this several times. It's one quarter, you have a long sales cycles of whatever 12, 18 months. You can't expect to immediately generate revenue which is what of course is the language that is uh the main language understood by the executives and the sales team. You need to define proper leading indicators and the way that we like to think about it are first the kind of success criteria as we mentioned uh discovery calls seem to be something that is more easily accepted. uh discovery calls with the right buyers from those strategic accounts that probably we were not able to engage previously right? uh and in a productive way and then also actively let's say working this is these are examples like actively working on 15 engaged accounts right with multiple you know engagements uh as we define whatever the engagement threshold that we define and then for the 30 60 and 90 days what can we expect what are the leading indicators that we can expect well after the 30 days uh We can expect that we are actually building the proper account, prioritizing the accounts, selecting and qualifying them, that we are starting to engage them, that we are starting to generate awareness, that we are seeing the initial responses, that we are seeing the initial content engagement, right? In the second phase which is kind of like more the warm-up phase and the future pipeline development we are seeing increased number of engaged accounts. Uh we are you know fully going through those accounts understanding their needs know how to reach out to them. We have an account plan. We are uh inviting them to let's say if we run a webinar inviting them to that webinar or an event and we actually see the results of that. We see that these accounts are engaging. We see that there are conversation. We see them let's say if we're inviting to some event they're registering for the event etc. And then finally in the 90 days um we want to see accounts in active focus which are in according to the prioritization framework those accounts where we decide to give them oneonone sales attention. Uh they need to be properly engaged. We need to be uh able to collect enough product evidence. So evidence that they have the need for a product. We call this product need evidence but evidence that they actually signals and evidence that they have a need for a product. Uh initial relationship with those accounts. So enough signal that you know okay these are have a high chance of becoming a a proper sales call opportunity within a quarter. and then you know properly uh multi-threading those and engaging them with personal outreach with personal offers bridge what we call like bridge activities and seeing results of that right so before you're able to book those discovery calls uh you need to be able to have those conver to have conversations back and forth otherwise how will they you know even agree if they're not even like they're ignoring you before they even response uh respond to you. You need to be able of course to have some awareness and uh to be to have the the accounts. That's why we organized it like that 30, 60 and 90 days. And then what you want to do as well is now that you have these metrics and you know what the program consists of to also create a dashboard. Maybe Andre if you want to explain I'll take your opportunity to have a simp. >> Thank you. Uh I will very briefly explain this part. Uh so whenever it comes to program dashboard, right, the most important metrics that you want to present here are obviously any pipeline related metrics, right? Pipeline opportunities created, pipeline value, revenue if you can, ideal outcome, right? But aside from this like we said there are three major categories of metrics that we always include. So the leading and laging indicators lot already explained them. There is no need to to to replicate this. What we want to do is just to show the trajectory of change right leading indicators show our effort. Right? So how much effort we are putting it and laging indicators is basically the market response to it. Right? So we want to see we want to notice the project trajectory. And uh the last category of metrics that we are tracking here is the account velocity. Um we mentioned this account prioritization framework. Right? The entire point is how quickly we are moving all the accounts from being completely unaware of us to active focus list where we're working on opportunity creation. Right? That's the entire progress. uh how quickly we can convert that let's say awareness into accounts that we picked up accounts that demonst that hit our engagement threshold and uh we now invest our time into research uh accounts buying committee mapping by committee engagement etc right that's that's the key ultimately at the end of the pilot program to validate it success you'll need to see clear uh conversion from cluster ICP accounts or future pipeline line accounts into active focus accounts, accounts where you are uh working together uh with sales on sales opportunity creation. And lastly, what you need to do right before actually launching this pilot is presenting this to your team and to leadership just to keep everybody on the same page. Similar story as uh we already discussed about the ABM memo, right? We want to present the cost of an action, why we want to run the pilot. Now we share the pilot and most importantly the expectations again just confirming them. Okay, these are our expectations, success criteria, right? This is what we want to do. This is our timeline. These are the leading indicators and lagging indicators that we are going to report on. This is kind of the breakdown into 30, 60, 90 days. This is the dashboard that we are going to track. So, it would be live and you can see our program, right? And this is our responsibilities and time commitment. We're not going again just uh verifi just prove one more time that you're not going to spouse any programs. You don't you're not going to see a negative impact on all other activities, right? Or metrics. You want to try something new just to see if there is a better way to create pipeline. And then you have the team on boarding meeting. This is the most important where you go through everything in detail to make sure that everybody again just repeating myself what I said everybody understands why we are doing certain activities why we are doing them in this order right what do we expect from them how do we know that they will work and what is the role of everybody who owns what in this process right this is the most important where I honestly uh feel the pilots are cracking is when uh I don't know sometimes I have this feeling that marketing is scared to kind of dive into detail and get this confirmation from sales. Do you guys really understand what to do? Usually I have seen a couple of presentation presentations that are going okay guys so this is the pilot and this is what we want want to do. Do you know what to do? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Let's move forward. But honestly this is this is the this is where it starts cracking. Right. So the entire point is make sure that everybody understands what to do, how to do in what order and get this written confirmation. When you have this in place, you can move to the execution and we'll walk uh you through this part briefly. Um and then answer your questions. So executing your pilot, we have six slides here. uh one the first one is uh the most important right schedule regular regular weekly pilot sync meetings without it without heck sync it's it will just it your pilot will die on the second week it's just I don't want to be pessimistic but I can tell you for sure so it if you are not uh aligning from the first day right it's going to die very soon so the weekly sync meetings are all about reviewing the tasks planning the task for the next week. Reviewing the bottlenecks. What are the hood reasons for these bottlenecks? How you can solve them? Right? Reviewing your leading indicators. Are you hitting them? If yes, good. How can you double down or how can you increase the volume? If no, what's preventing you? What works? What doesn't work? And then you also review the account engagement. What signals have we captured about accounts that we are capturing? What can we do with this? what would be the best possible next actions, right? That's the entire point. Literally, you need to keep your program agile, right? So, if you see that something works, you double down on it. If you see that something doesn't work, then you review. Is there a bottleneck that prevents us, then you altogether brainstorm how to fix it before it's too late, right? Or if something that we are doing doesn't really work, right? and then you decide how to pee out from it. So that's the first part. The second one is very easy. We already discussed it, right? You need to track it. You already told your leadership that you are going to keep it live. You are going to update it. So you put all the weekly numbers into this dashboard, right? And also it's very important for you as an owner of change management because you want to see the positive trajectory, right? You want to see that your numbers are improving. That's the most important part. And then uh the last principles I think Vlad can quickly share. >> Do it. So very important is to document what works and not just you know in a way of uh imagine having a recipe uh prepare all the ingredients. cook cook the main meal but actually properly document uh all the steps uh and use as much as possible screenshots, examples, videos to show the actual let's say messages you've sent, content you've created and how you have created. uh so that on the one hand it's uh clear on your examples that anybody later on can see exactly what you did on your own examples not a generic one and then also that the idea basically is that anybody who follows that is able to execute it let's say with a 70% or so accuracy another thing why is this important is we spoke about AI I people also ask questions the proper way to implement AI in a way that it will work is based on a process that is proven right so you've done something you have gone through a number of steps you have done something you got the results and now you want to maybe use AI to scale this well you that is what makes sense not just expecting AI to solve it everything for you right so you know what works and then you're implementing this in AI AI. Well, this documentation is going to help enormously in how you set up the AI because it's going to be so much more effective if all the steps are clear, but also if you have examples of what good looks like, if you can show actual what we call like the quality benchmark, show it here is the kind of result that we want to get from the work that the AI agent for example does. So document what works. Uh important is to also o overcommunicate wins even if those are early wins. Uh I think several times today we mentioned like sales is very frequently struggling to get even responses from those like strategic accounts. So I remember when we had the first meeting booked with what was it uh a big a uh big airlines company uh doesn't matter uh with with one team that was like a big celebration because okay now we not only somebody came to our website based on recommend recommendation from somebody that they know and we were lucky that they booked a call with us but we actually proactively went after them after a small list of accounts and now these top accounts and we are able to show hey if you do A B and C we are getting these results and show sharing these results along the way. Also the human thing is that whatever you communicate it to your leadership at the beginning they will have forgotten they will still be kind of in their own mindset and uh making the assumptions. So if you don't share this along the way, they may still like come back and say, "Hey, you know, I remember that you asked about this and you're doing this new thing. I'm not seeing any deals and revenue. What's going on with that? Should we stop this? What's the ROI?" So prevent this, preempt this by sharing wins. U reminding also of what the expectations were versus what we are actually seeing and what we are doing uh the results that we are seeing. So that's very important uh to keep the momentum and to also get the buying for the next steps which is the end uh goal. I think once you have finished the pilot, executed it successfully uh or maybe not as successfully as you wanted, you want to run a retrospect a retrospective meeting with your team and to define okay what went well, what are the areas that we can still improve and the reason is that you will take that and you will basically include that in the next iteration. Uh pilot is not the end. pilot is actually a beginning. uh it should buy you enough uh faith from the management that you can uh continue scaling that but to get even better results you want to run the next iteration where you are improving number of things right so you're defining the ne next quarter based on your lessons learned maybe we can improve some logistics but maybe we can improve the sales engagement maybe we can improve the way that we are creating or sharing content maybe we can improve the way that we are target. Maybe we learn about had assumption about how we should prioritize accounts and realized that maybe we were you not using all the right criteria. we missed something or we thought something was um not important which became important or vice versa and then you create that plan uh based on that input and usually it is also in the next iteration that we start implementing AI and technology to refine and accelerate some processes you know things like account research um preparing the the input for processing the input uh like interviews, webinars, other things, create content, uh helping helping sales prepare their outreach. So, there's a number of things that you can do uh once you have a clear process that has proven to work. So, that was probably too fast going through the whole process. uh but just to briefly summarize it, there is no way um in which you can uh improve the broken system without actually changing the system itself. But you're kind of with a catch 22 where in order for you to be able to prove that system uh to change that system, you need to get the approval and leadership won't fund anything that doesn't have the immediate ROI. So it seems like kind of a no solution scenario. Well, this is what exactly what the goal of the book was to show you how to get out of that seeming trap uh by defining a small pilot uh where you're actually fundamentally changing the way that you're working but on a small scope. How to get the buying for it for for it. how to plan a proper pilot, not just like okay we'll run ABM but how to plan it properly how to make sure that it includes the right activities and then also how to actually run it and capture the well achieve and capture the success so that this will translate into actual approval for you to scale this to your organization drive uh more pipeline and revenue and kind of like also definitely improve your chances surviving as a B2B CMO, right, in this crazy world that we find ourselves in and uh become also I think kind of attractive as a as a marketer who is able to move the needle. Uh we need more of that. I think a lot of companies would love working with marketers like that. So uh thank you so much for staying with us for all your questions that we are going to get into right away. Uh just one last mention of the book. We have to do this because uh we are very excited about it. We worked so hard on this and uh so it's still the link is in there if you haven't already. It would be a great pleasure for for us and would mean a lot if you would give it uh if you would check it out and if you enjoy reading it, leaving us a review, uh sharing with somebody you think this would be relevant with. Uh thank you for that. I definitely want Andre because you were busy with that to share the giveaway and then we can address the questions. >> Yes, absolutely. So as we mentioned we want to celebrate the launch of this book and we'll do it just uh one by one. So we have uh five let's say gifts. I I'm going to stop sharing this and we are going to do it live. Um the way uh how we're going to pick up uh the winners guys is that um I mentioned unfortunately we don't know on Amazon who exactly purchased the book. So that's why we ask to uh fill in the form right with your purchase so we can recognize you. And here we have I know that at least from the Amazon stats we know that 80% of you who have purchased the book didn't haven't submit that form. Anyhow, sorry if you are not in this list. We are going just to make this among uh everybody who filled it in. So, we have 96 people here and we'll just run the giveaway. I will just uh put the number here as uh we are going to run the first bundle of uh ABM courses. Let's do it live. Number 81. Who is number 81? Is Mul Sharma. So, it's the ABM bundle. Uh and we're going to contact everybody of course. So, uh, congrats, Mul. Let's look at the second price. Uh, the second ABM bundle. I'll just click on this number 77. Not going too far from it. K. Fright. Carrie. Um, congrats. And, uh, by the way, thank you so much for a fantastic uh, shout out on LinkedIn with the book review. Means a lot. Uh, we are going to share the bundle with you. The last one. Uh, Let's uh generate it number 36. I will head here uh number 36 is no sorry uh ate ais. So congrats ate we are going to share the bundle with you now. Uh what else we have? One license for fullfunnel academy. Let's do it live again. I'm just clicking here number 30. whatever going really in we order will Taylor will congrats so I'll just put for final academy and the last one is the 60 minutes consultation with us so let's do it I don't know maybe that's not the best gift that you would say no no no I just want to have academy or the course but then you guys I don't want to talk to you so if that's just the case feel free to tell plus will change it to academy or to the course. Anyhow, jokes aside, let's generate this number 79. Okay, so now we're coming back. Uh, Ramco Van Brink, if I pronounce it correctly. >> So, congrats and thank you so much all for the support. Um, I hope we it didn't take a lot of time to nail this down. I will stop sharing my screen. So everybody who won the gifts, we're going to contact you and share the access. And now um let's >> questions. So I actually asked uh about the lists when Andre was sharing about the different types of different lists or buckets I think you you call them Andre when we are prioritizing the accounts the cluster ICP future pipeline and then active focus are those static lists that we defined before the pilot and then we focused on them or are there more dynamic and the answer is yes they are dynamic you may start with all accounts being I mean sometimes it happens you don't have an awareness in the market decide to run ABM on that market well in that case they all begin on the cluster ICP and they progress as you're trying to create awareness they progress to future pipeline then some of them where you're figuring out that there is a need the relationship is being built they move to the right more to the active focus sometimes they can move backwards so might maybe in the beginning we have assumed assume that we have sufficient understanding and knowledge or after trying to engage for a while they're not engaging we might decide to demote them and not to focus on them that much anymore. So there are dynamics excuse me dynamic lists and we review this usually weekly during our weekly pipeline review meetings. One person prepares the overview of the new signals, engagement data, and then we go over them together and decide to promote, demote, maybe add new accounts to the list. Maybe some accounts that you initially didn't target are relevant and they're engaging and then you also want to include them. So hopefully that answers your question, Ashley. Let's move on to the next one. If you want to pick one, Andre. >> Uh, yes. Question from Brian. If you are just starting to build out a marketing function at your company, where do you start or is this not aimed at that? So um truth to be said, if uh let's say if you come to the company and this company is running anything, right, there would be still expectations from the leadership to deliver some results. So obviously what we have discussed it's not the entire marketing function and briefly per se uh I mentioned that creating strong go to market fundamentals and marketing function is one of the prerequisites right so this framework basically will help you to achieve really quick alignment with sales and prove some results and show some results right which also will give you some time to build a proper marketing function and uh the proper marketing function obviously includes the four P that we have discussed messaging positioning pricing right the way how the fullfunnel marketing plan uh the way how you think about client success expansion all of this process right so these are the parts of creative marketing function and to create a good one it takes a lot of time so basically this framework helps you to win that time prove that your vision your idea for the future marketing function right uh has a solid proof and based on this you can start working on it >> all right so this is a really good question from Pontus if you're working within a universe of only two to 300 target accounts where you have accounts that typically come to market every two to three years what is a reasonable expectations for opportunity generation and does this tiny thumb uh change how you approach leading indicators at all? It's an excellent question and I think a lot of people with you know high ACV complex sales when they are really honest and they review what is the actual now market that I have sometimes they call this like have the right to win right and real ICP currently uh they realize that their market is going to be limited maybe not to to to 300 accounts maybe to more but like it it is a situation for a lot of a lot of our clients for sure. Uh which is why ABM in the first place, right? You have no choice but to do ABM in this case, right? So, but the questions are really good and um I want to say that first I think that what are the reasonable expectations? Well, depends also on the level of awareness of your brand. If this is completely new market for you, if let's say 200 out of those 300 are let's say North America and before that you only ran or had some awareness in Europe or Asia is going to you'll have to need to adjust your expectations. You will need to have different expectations terms of opportunity and revenue may take and I I know this like from experience like one of the first projects that I work with uh first clients that I work with they were trying to get in North America market they had an excellent product a small team from Europe and eventually the CEO moved they hired a salesperson they were trying eventually the CEO moved and they spent like two or three years before it really picked up uh before they started generating generating some real revenue there. So it does take a lot of time. Uh I think that you can um make any predictions that you want but if you don't have real benchmark data it's very difficult like this the these predictions are going to be meaningless anyhow. So also use that uh pilot um to create the initial benchmarks of okay what is even the amount of these accounts that we can engage that we can engage in multiple opportunities. Now, in terms of the two to three years uh length of the sales cycle, we actually had two clients that were in the exact same situation. And uh the client that we kind of feature is a kind of central case study cross knowledge. They had this where their how do they call this like more than half a be uh half um million deal size with Fortune 1000 companies where they decide on changing their corporate learning solution every two to three years. Exactly the situation like this, right? Um, and the way that the sales rep described uh this after working six months on in a new way, she said is like now I'm able to come in contact with those decision makers earlier. Uh, I was able she said I was able after 6 months trying after trying to engage about 120 accounts to end up with multiple conversation with about 30% of them. So it was something like 26 I believe out of 130 and she said becau because we have all these multiple touch points we are now uh starting to have this conversation earlier and I'm learning about these strategic plans earlier from the right people right so these are the things you're still measuring similar things you're measuring the engagement you're measuring also account penetration or how many buyers and accounts you're actually able to engage uh and these kind of conversations that you're starting even if they're not in the market because that's how you get there and be in their consideration set and that's how you also learn about when they're coming in the market. Sorry for taking a little bit more time to address this but it's it is such an important question. Really good that you asked it Pontus. >> Okay, let's pick up uh the next one. Um, so another question from Ashley about account prioritization. How do we think about this in terms of multi- threading? One contact might be aware but others aren't. How do we bucket them appropriately? Do we choose a key contact to represent the account? Um, you're absolutely right. So um, when we think about planning ABM program, multi- threading is the core part of it. And by the way, by multi- threading, we don't only mean uh the let's say the multi- threading across the sales process, right? Where we want to kind of involve more stakeholders into um into negotiation, right? In purchasing uh part, but we want to do multi- threading to create awareness. That's uh that's the first part. But uh as we said quite often we start especially when it comes to the pilot part right we start small we don't have the big team which means that and we do it in parallel to multiple other things right so that means that we need to narrow down our focus in that sense whenever we do from that perspective whenever we do the planning we start thinking in terms of clusters cluster is this specific use case right who is the um let's say primary owner of this use case who is the person who experiences these challenges right for that specific use case. So this is how we start thinking about champions right and all the content that we create we are creating for this specific buyer persona then uh if I have u we have capacity and resources we share it with you example from backbase right obviously we can do it in parallel for technical buyers for economical buyers for power users but if we need to choose because of capacity then we always focus on the core person right a part of API playbooks and I mentioned hitting engagements threshold building the relationship creating awareness right is how can the next question is how can we do this which means that we install a lot of playbooks that uh require direct engagement with these people right so when they start replying to us when we have any type of engagement with them the next step is picking up this engagement and distribute to other people maybe I'll just give a a share a very simple example that will resonate with everybody. Let's say we are running this live podcast a mini webinar. um you let's say Ashley you sign up for this webinar and we want to engage your colleagues right the the easiest step that I would take right obviously aside let's say let's leave the marketing site we can do air cover if we want to promote this webinar to your colleagues but let's say the easiest step I would just uh ask you thanks a lot for signing up um like what's the number one question you'd like us to cover or if I'm sales rep right I want just to share this with our speakers to make sure that uh um they cover it and uh let me know if there any colleagues who might be interested in this topic would like to invite them right you might reply you might not reply but if you reply I would reach out to these people and even if you want to reply I would reach out to your colleagues and say hey your colleague actually just signed up for this event so you guys might be interested as well right very simple example of early multi- threading just to create awareness obviously I'm not saying that it guarantees 100% that multiple people will come. But these are our leading indicators. These are our activi activities that are under our control. At least we show up on their radar, right? So we stay top of their mind. So this is uh this is an example. We focus 100% on the core let's say buyer persona, but multi- threading is always a part of it. So I hope that answers your question. There was a question uh you answered partially but I think it uh deserves a look actually Martin asked about what can you zoom in a little bit more into the signals and he mentioned like search intent signals. So I just wanted to give a little bit a broader view of the signals of what we mean by that and then uh address the very specific question about the search and then signal. So the first thing to understand is like what is actually when Andre was explaining this account prioritization uh playbook or framework excuse me. Um we looked at four different types of criteria. We looked at the account awareness. Are they aware of us? Yes or no? What are the different engagement uh let's say signals that we can pick up to know whether they're aware of us? Then relationship. Do we have a relationship with some of the members of the buying committee? Then very important, probably the most important one, do we have any product need signals? So signals that could indicate that they might have a need, right? And then obviously also we look at the revenue potential, right? So how um high the revenue potential. But when I look at these different groups, uh you will have different signals. they will have different meaning um and actually majority of them won't really be search intense signals. So what happens in practice is we start this conversation by asking like what are the the things that uh indicate that they might have a need and we look and we analyze previous deals and see like okay what was happening in those businesses and we start kind of deriving from there these uh these signals and let me tell you the majority of those have nothing to do with the search intent. uh the majority of those signals have to do with stuff that's happening inside of the company. For example, you know, they're speak uh their key initiatives. Let's say that I'm selling uh something for product teams, right? Something that they can integrate in their product uh to make the product more secure, some sort of security technology. Well, I might be looking at are there any compliance initiatives that are relevant for them where maybe there are new regulations or new industry. Maybe they started selling into let's say pharmaceutical industry or companies that are much more strict in their security requirements. Are there any initiatives that are being announced by their leadership team? Are there uh investments in the product that are being announced? Are is there any leadership new leadership pro product leadership like people who might decide and review their current uh product and product strategy uh during their first six months as a leader etc etc etc. So usually something happens within that account that changes the priority that changes the important of the problem that you can solve for them or that creates that problem and creates the urgency with that problem right and uh this is why account research is so important where you actually surface those signals. So first just wanted to wrap up. You have different types of signals. They have different meaning. Uh so engagement signals. So awareness signals can tell you how aware these accounts are from you. Maybe they are starting to get more engaged. Right? The second uh set of signals tell you whether they even have a problem that you can solve for them. Whether this pro problem is increasing in urgency. whether there are some business triggers uh that you can help them solve. Maybe you also, as Andre was now just explaining a minute ago, you are doing some so-called progressive profiling, basically engaging with those target accounts and learning the inside information from those accounts about their priority about let's say the current stack or whatever is relevant for you and you are hearing uh uh getting some insight and information giving you that uh that insight that helps you prioritize those accounts. But it also these signals also help you personalize your marketing because let's say if they have a new executive team maybe a new product owner let's say well maybe one way in which I could approach that person would be you know we have created this guide for the first 90 days of a new product owner and I can um you know give a checklist of the things that they usually review in their first let's say 90 days or something like that. I could uh speak to the specific challenges that this account will likely experience with the new let's say compliance requirements or maybe because I can just check out their product and see the the way that the security is implemented now I can like give them specific vulner vulnerabilities or incompliances etc etc. So, this not only gives you the prioritization, oh, I should pay more attention to these accounts. It also gives you insight to personalize how you're messaging that account, what content you're sharing with them. In other words, how you're marketing and selling. That's real true accountbased uh marketing uh and the role of signals there. And again, unfortunately for Hopspot, maybe uh search intent intent might be part of those um you know engagement. Maybe it trigger actually the way that I would probably use it is maybe I would decide to start research of that account to see whether there actually are any other signals, right? But I wouldn't just take this give it a lot of meaning on its own. You will have to have the full picture, the 360 degree view. And before we'll cover the last question, let us know guys, was it helpful? Was it insightful? Did you enjoy it? Always curious to hear your feedback. Um, and we'll cover the last one. Link in best approach for ABM campaigns or trip based model using email automation. So um I have a very strong opinion about tripbased programs. Um they have their place in the marketing mix but it's not for pipeline generation. So if you operating in long sales cycles trip campaigns is just a fastest way to create the noise. If you remember uh Vlad shared one of the core principles for success which are the part of change management switch from volume to efficiency which means that the drip campaigns are absolutely useless here right uh when it comes to linking or to any other channel the key point is understanding the buyer journey right then thinking in terms of long sales cycles how can we align our playbooks with this journey if linkadin is a part of it fine right what can you do on linkadin I mean uh the entire point is you need to create awareness you need to engage people and obviously it's not just sending a bunch of let's say AI personalized messages hey I have seen you are B2B CMO you are working for let's say this company we can help you with this and that let's have a call this is not engagement this is not nurturing this is not awareness right so what's the best approach the it's linkadin is just a channel right so what can you do you can create s leadership content related to specific cluster and specific buyer persona you can boost it with s leadership ads you can do constant engagement you can create you can do co-creation with your buyers right you can invite them to the events uh you can comment on their posts you can comment on post of their colleagues pick this post to to to your strategic buyer for further conversation. You can comment on the company's pages to boost the awareness. So there are multiple possibilities. I I mean I can't give you the precise answer for this, right? And the easiest maybe answer would be think look just at your always on programs and think how can you make them account based and what would be and uh what what's the role of link in here. But what can I say for sure is that don't rely on trip campaigns and just automated outbound as uh the performance of this playbooks uh are going down as simple as that. So with that being said, thank you so much for the feedback uh and thank you all again for supporting us with the book launch. Hope uh you will enjoy it and uh we'll have a couple more episodes um until the summer break. We'll have one more case study with one of the clients. So stay tuned. Thank you so much and have fantastic rest of the week. Cheers. >> Thank you.