Source: https://youtube.com/watch?v=V9SSusoVqZA

Hey everyone and welcome to the new episode of Full Final Live. I'm really sorry for everybody who joined us live that we are going late. uh will literally start in one minute as Tim just um has joined us and anyhow um as promised we are going to chat today about building a global AI native ABM function. We've been working with backbase team for more than six months working with multiple regions and during this time we were really amazed with um the uh way how they integrated AI and ABM process and the way how they are thinking in terms of building the global function. Uh while we are waiting for team um I'm just curious guys who has attended team's session on uh our fullfunnel summit in March a few months ago. Type plus please if you have attended or minus if you haven't of course you have uh let us know guys who has uh attended that session. And um while you are typing um just to give some background um Tim uh Sam I didn't okay I'm I'm I'm just curious because uh the reason why I'm asking because uh it's it's just good to know how much we should repeat ourselves or how much should we present from that session. But um just maybe to set up the expectations uh what we what we want to chat today is um basically go through the process of uh developing the global function sharing the stepbystep process uh explain how the team was structured explain the challenges and how they were tackled and then um the last part touch basically the um AI system that Tim and his team created and how we have integrated this into accountbased marketing. I see that W and Tim are ready. So gentlemen, please join me on stage and we can kick it off. >> Hello everybody and we are waiting for Tim to find Ah, there you go. Hey >> everyone, >> there you go. Good. So we have all three bold B2B marketing in place. That was a special bonus for everybody who is joining us live. It's a rare occasion when you can listen to two three bold B2B marketers in one place. Um, but jokes aside, we have the last episode of Fullfunnel Live before the summer break and um I'm really excited to bring our long-term connection and friend Tim Ruden, who is CMO at Backbase um to to our podcast. So Tim, first of all, thanks a lot for joining us today. >> Thanks for having me Andre and Vlad, longtime listener and fan. So very privileged to be here. uh myself. >> Good. Good. So, I think um we don't need to um kind of prepare a long intra for this episode. Uh we've been working together on building a global ABM function, integrating it with AI systems, right? The another project that you were building as well in parallel. And um so I think what what we can do is you can just make a brief intro of what uh backbase is doing so and who is your target audience. I think that would be beneficial for everyone and then we'll uh dive deeper into IBM. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, happy to. So yeah, first of all uh good to meet you also. My name is Tim Rotten, CEO of Backbase since uh one and a half years at this moment in time. Um I've been with Backb 12 years. So that gives me the benefit of knowing the market, the customer, the technology, the value proposition uh inside and out. Um and that's the let's say first step of the CMO coming in. Um, I concluded I need to really understand demand genen properly and I need to bring a vision uh to life that really works for our target audience which is give or take 2 and a half thousand to 3,000 banks globally mid to larger sized not the system banks but just one click lower and not the smallest banks because they wouldn't have the budget to actually digest the product of backb,000 accounts what we are offering is a white label AI native banking operating marketing system which is essentially a banking platform stack uh that allows the bank to completely modernize their complete operation. Um in the past it would be to become omni channel have a nice mobile application have a nice web application give it to your customers clients members but also to your bank employees they all need to operate in the digital world and you know in the past 5 to 10 years there was very much to get into um a platform setup and as we all know right now with uh the AI hurricane going through the industry banks also need to embrace appropriately uh those new technologies those new capabilities and it's very challenging for them And what is really cool and interesting is that for most SAS players, it's a real problem. The fact that AI is now there and that you can easily uh build on your own or build certain capabilities and actually dethrone certain applications that you have uh contracts with. In the context of backbase, it's a bit um less obvious to do that because self-building a complete banking platform or a banking operating system is quite a heavy lift because the architectural layering is um advanced. Uh you have regulatory compliance to go through. You're running literally the bank that runs the country. So it's not something that you vi code if I may. Nor is it something that you self build because it's just way too costly. it's going to take you too much time. So as backbase we repositioned last year um well actually three or four months ago to be honest all the way into becoming an AI native company on how we run ourselves internally and being an AI native banking OS towards the industry as a first mover. So as a category leader of the previous category, we moved all the way onto the new one, which is quite bold. And I think that also is a testament to the work we've been doing together, bold, not bold, uh to go and completely transform the way we think about our marketing function and how it collaborates with sales. Um who in the context of backpace are of course selling a strategic piece of software that runs the complete banking operation. So that is not a point sell. It is a platform cell but it's also a highly enterprise high ACV long sales cycle cell which will take around one to two years on average. Um so that is not something that works with the typical high volume SAS type of playbooks. Uh if anything it's relationship building. It's being very aware and um well creating a lot of awareness all the time a lot of thought leadership. So in a way it lends itself perfectly fine for what these fine gentlemen wrote down in the book uh which is what I woke up to one and a half years ago and have been implementing uh ever since. >> That's an awesome introduction. I think also the way that you are describing your ICP we have 3,000 banks very precisely the bucket or the segment that you're targeting. I think this is a perfect example of somebody of a company that needs to implement accountbased marketing. Um but I think it will be interesting for the audience for context to understand the organization the marketing team or the function how it's organized because it is not your standard let's say small to medium sus company with one marketing department. you have different regions, you have different functions within marketing and as you're kind of like letting letting us know how that's structured like what is the role of ABM? Uh obviously given your market, given your ICP, given the long sales cycles, complexity and all of that, it's clear that it's a good fit. But how does it fit within your organization? How would you um position it uh as as a role of ABM for Pike base? >> Yeah. So classically ABM is like a team or a function that runs alongside all of the other parts of marketing. And I figured out that that's not very much what you would like to be doing. Why? In the motion that we are running, everything is ABM. Literally from start to finish, we just do the work for the accounts that we have uh in front of us, the 3,000 that I mentioned. They're not all in market. They're not all buying, but they better be aware of you. They need to have a view on uh your brand, your thought leadership, your point of view, what have you. So very directly, whatever you organize for is what you show up with, right? That's that's one of the typical statements in business. You get what you organize for. So when I took over one and a half years ago, we had these little siloed teams that were each doing their own thing, having their own KPI, and having their own opinion on how marketing should be ran or not. Uh there's also some infighting happening of course because the crafts are not really fully aligned. Fast forward to today and I'm actually collapsing all I have already collapsed most of these functions into running as one like really fully uh following the full funnel marketing methodology. Um but even more so bringing everyone close to the accounts like full stop there. There's no other entity that matters in the organization that I'm running but also the engine that I'm running which is literally an engine. It's a system that runs. Um the only currency that matters is are you attacking the right accounts with the right uh let's say set of programs following the philosophy that we believe in uh to pull through eventually to get a conversation and once that conversation happens the highest possible in the organization of the bank are we able to capture um a potential qualified opportunity yes or no and everyone has the same KPI in that sense. So it's not brand versus content versus digital versus the field who all have a little piece to play in accountbased marketing. It's all of them working uh in the same engine against the same accounts having the same things to celebrate. Uh which also relates to how we organize ourselves against the sellers. Um we're organized by regions. Uh we have six major territories globally. They all have a sales leader. They have multiple AES and for all of those we have one and maximum two ABM managers that run the patch and they're basically the marketing AES and they are as passionate about the pipeline as the sellers. Um and that's really nice to see because the moment that that click happens I don't get escalation calls anymore uh as in hey your marketing team doesn't understand what they need to be doing or we're misaligned or what have you. Uh I get different calls. I get celebrations. I get hey you really need to uh you know look after the work that this person did because it's incredible what they pull off. Um and we've seen a lot of these shifts over the past one and a half years just by organizing the team towards the currency that matters which is the accounts and to move very far away of global campaigning and universal campaigning and let's just have an awareness layer on um that is how we started full transparency but very soon after I figured out that that is not how I buy that is not how I'm even being influenced um being a clear target to typical uh marketing platforms. want to sell their licenses to me. Right? So, fast forward to today because of the advent of AI and because we were able to build our internal go to market operating system which is literally um you know a complete AI native operating uh application. I'm able to run campaigns at a level of granularity that was not even possible 2 years ago. So the vision that you guys have had already for ages with full funnel, I think it only can now fully uh get to fruition because the tech allows us to do it. I can run 50 odd ICP cluster campaigns against my 30 against my 3,000 accounts, hitting around 30,000 executives exactly in the spot that matters to them to warm them up. Um and yeah, like it or not, I don't need an army of people to do that uh every day. on the contrary, I think that's massive leverage. Of course, the people I do have, they're allocated to other activities which are even more strategic and even more human focused. So, I think what I'm trying to say, it's a bit of a long-winded answer perhaps, but um the the lines have been blurred consistently this year. I don't even care as much anymore which actual team or craft you are part of. you're working in the same engine and it's more about how do we then organize against where's the most traction in the market and how do we optimize that allocation so it's not underallocated and hence underperformant um I think that's the biggest yeah switch that I've seen over the past few months now um that with this methodology with this setup with implementing AI to actually grow not to replace and reduce headcount uh you somehow build a sniper shooter um Yeah, at skill. >> So basically uh touch on the last um sentence that you mentioned, you didn't announce how I replaced my six regional teams with AI department. That >> no I replaced work. So one of the things that I learned very um very early from my back then CTO was you have to take the work out. And the work is the silly work where you're manually going through LinkedIn feeds or doing your own Google research to get a view on an account. Yeah, by now we all know that that is not smart. Uh where to spend your time. We also now all know where to go to actually get a decent piece of research from your favorite choice of GPT. Um I think the next step is to actually have full processes running that do this all the time 247 in an economical way. You don't want to, you know, overspend there either. Um but that's the next step where you see these full agentic workflows that actually make you as the um marketeteer, the ABM manager, the content manager, the digital manager. It will make you supercharged and it forces you to become even more strategic. So for some that might be a little bit daunting or challenging that all of a sudden you need to think broader in your role and the remmit that you have. Um I think it's the best thing that can happen to marketeers to be honest. moving from the tactical to the strategic. >> Obviously, I was throwing some of the kind of overhyped um let's say concepts that were promoted on LinkedIn as we all know, right? >> Yeah. But if we if we would believe LinkedIn, Andre, we would all not have a job anymore, which uh fortunately is not uh not the case. >> Yeah. Yeah. Of course. Um you mentioned uh you um in every region you have um regional VP of sales and um we've been we've been chatting with dozens of B2B CMOS who wanted to implement accountbased marketing in any format right but quite often the main desire or the main goal is to set up the cross functional collaboration with sales right uh And um what we have heard that they always faced problems with getting internal buyin and problems with setting up this necessary cross functional collaboration. So what I would love uh to ask you how did you handle it and uh have you faced uh any resistance from the regional sales leaders and ifas again how did you tackle it? >> Yeah. Yeah. Look, it is not easy and it's also not that we are like finished and we have the perfect uh you know complete setup running where I do see the success already and we're we're getting very close to a tipping point where more than half is running in that new complete philosophy. I think at the end of the day you need to show results and you cannot be the marketing leader or the marketeteer for that matter in a region that just again ponies up a new framework and a new slide deck with a new inspiring talk on how we're now going to work and change uh you know the pipeline impact one it has to start top down so it's literally CMO and CRO they together conclude we are together collectively going to change the way we go to market that is not enough with step two you need an operational layer that drives discipline cadence clarity uh and accountability because even with the CMO and CRO concluding, yes, we're going to do this or in a smaller firm, maybe it's the founder or the market leader on their own and they run the full batch, you still need to dayto-day drive it home. Um and that that literally goes to tracking level like every week have you put in the work to go through all of these different steps to do the the depth to follow the flow to eventually get high quality output and has make impact and thirdly are you measuring it appropriately which clearly uh fullfunnel has a very nice view on how to measure it practically very down to earth did we raise awareness yes no very simple KPIs did we get into dialogue with them and did we extract insight that whether we could pursue an opportunity there yes no thirdly did we get a sales conversation eventually did it materialize into pipeline did that pipeline qualify get into revenue and so forth that is not rocket science and that's the beauty of the work we've been doing together and also why I really like the latest book that you released it's just putting to life the simplicity of the work that needs to happen but that's not the real challenge the real challenge is change management >> removing old habits finding sales sales leaders that are equally bought in to change the game to change the way they work and their ease, which is not a given because they have their ways. They've been successful in working, you know, the other way or to work the classic way, very heavy ABM or no, I don't need ABM. I know all of the people in my accounts. >> No, you don't. >> And you're not multi and you're not raising awareness in the accounts that you don't know. And if you miss target, all of a sudden it's marketing, right? So, I think there's a lot of um credibility to be gained by just doing the hard work, like literally getting in there. And yeah, I'm not sure if if if it's helpful for this conversation, but I think it was you Andre writing here in the book as a note to me, uh that is quite unique that you have an operator that can get into the detail. >> I think that's the main thing as a CMO to walk away with. If you if you are not in the detail and you don't understand how the operation really really works, you're not going to get there. You're also not going to be able to eventually really move uh the needle and and get to that tipping point where they're actually knocking on your door. Uh my team also wants to work in the new way. Can we please be part of the pilot? Um the moment you get those phone calls, you can start uh you know doing an early celebration. you're still not there but uh it's a good signal. >> We we got a question from an audience which is very relevant I think. How were you able to bring the teams together? >> Yeah to that point my it's um myself and the CRO being fully on the same page then bringing it to the operational leader which is our VP customer operations call it revops. It's the same function here in backbase. Um and that lady Joanna is is her name. Um she completely internalized how we would like to work also added a few of the flavors that are specific to backbase and then drove the roll out in very high granular detail uh towards all the different regions all the different territories and all the different accounts with the AES. That translates then into reports which have a cadence which are all looking the same which then results into meetings which are happening on the cadence. They are ran all the same. So eventually you get a a homogeneous picture where we can literally compare notes of the 40 AES that we have of the 100 ABM campaigns that we are running if you score all of them where do we see the gaps and is that either a team setup is it maybe a cultural challenge is it uh because we didn't properly enable them we can literally diagnose across all these little swim lanes for me an AE is a swim lane of pipeline uh where where is the gap um and right now because We were able to actually build that systemically into our own go to market OS which is literally an app you can go to. We could just analyze completely how the market is opening up to us is getting into dialogue and is or is not let's also be honest materializing into pipeline. Um so getting together with the one that runs or the individual that runs the actual operation dayto-day and needs to deliver pipeline insight to me was key. So basically convincing her and bringing her into the fold and also you know there are some compromises how your operations team wants to look at the business get as close to that view as possible and once you look at the same picture all day long both both ends of the the spectrum sales and marketing and partners yeah you start delivering results together. Um and then lastly I think the the celebration part is not to be underestimated. Uh I think the moment you start doing ABM well you get these surprises in your inbox like we're doing a lot of letters at a at a pretty decent scale like 10 to 20 per week but they're well prepared well research really targeted the right ICPS and you know they go out there with the seller profiles I think around 30 to 40% uh converts into a conversation with a set executive from that account which is clearly a target account that's an insane number And people will tell each other like the love letter worked and they're all amazed that the love letter worked with the risk that they think that love letters is what full marketing is which is not the case. It's one of the many things to get in there. Uh but basically the getting the breakthrough moments and getting the aha uh that is where you start getting that that fire going through the organization and then still it needs meticulous day-to-day management uh and looking after to continuously um move the orc in this direction because old habits they die very very hard >> especially when there is whatever reason why people feel pressure things might not work as they expect etc. where people tend to revert to their old habits. Uh it's where we feel safe and I think also has a lot to do with what you said. It has to do with the incentives, how we measure things. Do we have the same view on the process and the results and the motion and how the accounts are actually going through our motion and pipeline. uh I think you did a lot of things right and you started talking about it and I it's something that I would like to zoom into because you mentioned pilot and you mentioned also you know starting from the people who you know in a specific region and starting with people who might be might become your change champions that might actually spread the word around inside of of the organization and I remember we actually had quite a long back and forth forth between us uh about okay should we do the pilot should we not do the pilot because you were definitely already doing ABM you had an internal ABM star who was just amazing at her work and the results that she was able to achieve and yet we decided to uh take a step back I remember you said something like you know I want to make sure that we're running this properly before scaling it across the whole organization and we decided added what was it about 8 months ago or something like that uh to actually implement the first pilot and I think it's maybe interesting for the folks who are listening or live or later to break break it down for us like how did you define how did you decide which region to pick uh how did you define the pilot team how did you fund that pil uh pilot like how should we think about setting up a pilot uh in as concrete way as possible. >> Yeah, for what it's worth, the approach that I took was um how do you optimize it for the highest probability of success, right? So, uh the star that you're talking about, she would be in charge of that pilot to begin with. Um because you you know the type of talent that you work with that will pull through, will unblock it, will give you the right phone call at the right moment in time to to make progress. So, I think that's that's a key decision. who is actually the one that's going to wake up every day to drive it home and does not rest until it's driven home and successful. Critical. Um, number two, you you have to put your bet on the region where you know the right talent is there to actually embrace it fast and then they will also be the amplifier if indeed it succeeds, which you're you're practically banking on, right? I guess thirdly, you want to see a few proven proven people that know what they're doing. Uh, be it on the digital side, the content side, the ABM side. Um and similarly on the sales side like who's the BDM and the AE that will be in the in the little pot that's going to prove the point um that are change prone they're aware that the old motion is not maybe the best thing and that there's another alternative to go for which actually might make them way more successful although initially the investment is going to be higher. So if you just go through that flow and you literally ask the right people hey who should we bring into the team because they know they're operating on the ground each and every day. Um, I think in 5 minutes you have the right people to work with. They're all going to be fired up after a 15 minutes call. Uh, you send them one of these webinars as an example or one of the courses and a few of the examples. Uh, and you start kicking off the work, just getting into it. And what what I noticed immediately was that none of them was used to such a good structure and rhythm to begin with that really sets the group free to do their best work. I think it's also more lightweight than they expected. Of course, the first lift is hard because all these new things, you need to fill out a few documents initially and what have you, but then it's just logical. It it becomes all very logical if you apply the mechanic properly and all of a sudden you get the right result, which also is a bit of a surprise initially, but if you go through the full flow, it makes a lot of sense. You optimize the probability that you're going to get a return. Um, and the moment that the the puzzle and the formula starts clicking, you're actually done because they will continue. You keep monitoring it and what have you. Um, but that's basically the deciding factor that I put in. The way to fund it is, uh, yeah, it's very specific to the context. I had a I had a big change budget last year because I needed to transform the complete orc. Um, and I made sure to to let's say backload a serious amount of funding in my complete budget allocation so that I could make really bold moves. Um, and that was on the ABM side, that was on the brand side, uh, that was on the digital side. Had to make a few very big changes and moves. And I think my trick so far, for what it's worth, because it's it's not that I have decades as being a CMO, um call the people that know best and just either abstract and extract the right ideas and inspiration and take it forward. Um or put them with your team for a while and see how fast they can change your or um the leverage for those investments that you're making is um at least in the way I've seen it so far um second to none. makes perfect sense. And um maybe a practical question. Um what expectations did you set up for the regional leadership and the team? And also what were the results of the pilot? >> So I think there's one part before this >> expectations versus results. Yeah, there's one part before it, one part before it also towards my regional leaders. Why change? >> Why now? And why this methodology, >> right? Um because otherwise you can push it through the team and you can you know allocate you guys as a fullfunnel marketing consultant and just push it through force function. I think that's been the biggest challenge to actually convince people of a different way of working. And the biggest thing I was fighting, Andre lot was, "Yeah, but we're already doing this. It's just a little bit different." >> Yes. >> Yeah. Look, we're doing this. Uh, no, you're not really doing this. Uh, by the way, you can only make the statement if you went through the full course and then you really benchmark your program and then you can tell me, are you fully doing this or just parts of it and you you follow the happy flow of thinking that you are. So, that was the thing I was fighting. So I had to force function it through. Um I basically just signed um the guys up and said to the team this is the pilot you have to go now and here are the expectations. Um what I did and maybe that's even not the best advice. I didn't per say put a target on it. The only target I put on it is I want you to follow the full flow and I want you to report back every other week and I want to see the signal that this is meaningful to continue investing in. So eventually you get qualified meeting with target accounts. Eventually you get pipeline and eventually you can say hey this is a nice benchmark number I'm going to put on the next pilot. So I didn't inflate the numbers uh or the expectations by saying hey I need 10 million out of this pilot or 1 million or two opportunities. Who am I to to tell you what what it should be? I have no idea. But my hypothesis was that this way of working was going to be meaningful. So not putting that pressure on the team I believe was helpful because they were the right people and the right talent and the right DNA and they would go for it and that's exactly what happened. So they delivered pipeline um sorry Andre I don't have the number top of mind uh but it's been celebrated it's been a good number in terms of breaking into accounts getting dialogues and actually leading to first of all just pipeline and eventually qualified pipeline uh which has resulted now in this is the way we work full stop including my CEO making the full call or just supporting the calls that I'm pushing how fast can all of my teams all of my regions all of our territories work this way, report this way and basically play the game this way. How do we scale that? Most challenging question uh in the universe of ABM. >> I really like it that that you were thinking about as well like okay the team has to do the right things. The the team can do let me put it differently uh let the team focus on what they can control. Right. And I think you did that really well. And I do remember the first pilot that we ran was in the United States. And as a very well-known large European brand still uh obviously especially when it comes to the financial sector, the United States being what they are uh the banks being their larger uh having to create the credibility having to create awareness with those target accounts. Um and I I know like when we started having first conversations you know with with huge names uh you know and ju just imagine the the biggest banks I don't want to name the names uh but it it will be those and I remember how much we have celebrated that and that's why I wanted to ask you because I know that a lot of teams are struggling with this a lot of teams are struggling with and and you were talking about it at the beginning you know going from kind of broad awareness creation to you know what what we need to do is we have 3,000 banks and then in the United States you have these banks and actually you know what we are going to focus on whatever specific segment banking segment so we are like narrowing and narrowing and narrowing we're talking about large organizations uh you know very conservative industry you're talking about a relatively new brand for them So what do you think kind of the the best practices, the lessons learned in terms of actually creating strategic uh sorry awareness with those um senior buyers in those strategic accounts uh that you're after uh not just let's say global brand awareness. Yeah, this is um this is such a tough cookie to to crack at this level uh for the reason that um many answers could work. So, you have to make a bit of a judgment on what do I personally believe uh will break through and is also still fundable, right? You can also just put all these accounts in whatever campaigns and fund it for millions. But that's that's something you have to optimize for. So where I am today and just sharing it transparently with the group here I don't really believe in global segment campaigns anymore and if you think about the context in backbase we service retail banks small medium business banks commercial banks private banks and wealth managers that's five different types of institutions whereas one brand can have all five of these lines of business. So the 3,000 you could on average do multiply them by three or four. So there's around 10,000 doors through which we can enter with a part of the value proposition. Now where we started in the uh let's say last year was to to have these segment campaigns globally running and allocate those accounts based on the segments where they are active which means if you are a mro you service all lines of business you're actually part of all the campaigns and all the senior buyers and the VP levels and director levels now excluded will be exposed to all of those campaigns for all these lines of business. Um quite nice to get started because it's the fastest way. However, it is the proximity to the actual account and the actual persona is going to see your outings is is not great. It's actually it's not it's just not great. Full stop. So, where we're moving right now, which I'm really excited about and would love to even demo it in the future once I get it running, um I'm a firm believer that within one institution, I have ICP clusters itself. So within one bank there's multiple IC ICP clusters where I can knock on the door and have a different entry or different wedge. There's the private banking wedge where they have a relationship manager problem to fix and it's it's actually a funded initiative. Maybe through the retail door there's a conversational banking u investment that they're looking to make. I can also enter through that door. But if those executives are seeing just some random campaigns across all the different segments of Backbase, they have no idea that they should pick up the phone. So we're now in the middle of an exercise where we do very high quality ICP scoring practically 24/7. Then we do very deep account research on all of our accounts where we know they should actually be in dialogue with backbase all the time. Based on that I'm able to to build out a whole cluster of ICPS. So I have ICP cluster buckets and there's dozens like 20 or 25. I can then allocate titles to those buckets. So not accounts titles and one account can be in multiple buckets but because it it is titled driven all of a sudden the individual let's say CFO in the bank in a emerro is just getting the operational excellence ICP cluster campaign and we're warming up that individual just from that angle and then eventually if that exits it goes to future pipeline and so forth. So what is my current belief? Yes, I will have a global brand awareness layer just for reach and engagement and mental availability. big friend of Byron Sharp. But that's where it ends. The rest is ICP clusters. And that's how I warm up all the 3,000 accounts and all the I think 30, 40, 50,000 contacts that you would like to reach in a very granular and suitable way. Primary channel being LinkedIn, retargeting Google, uh Reddit, what have you to raise the awareness and indeed once it exits the bucket, we go to future pipeline and other sequences start. Um that's my current hypothesis on how I can in the context of backbase scale this out. And yes, this is only possible if you properly run this with an AI native setup, which is exactly what we've been able to break through into in the past few months. Um so it gets us through dozens of ICP cluster campaigns that continuously move accounts and personas across as we see fit uh for what is happening outside and into the account. And on more granular level if there is anything that you would add let's say the ABM teams or marketing and let's say ABM leaders you mentioned uh and sales teams are there any specific tactics to that are happening let's say on one to few or onetoone level >> yeah so one of the so it sounds a bit harsh but what really works with getting into the CXO level is just play into the ego of individuals. Uh the majority is looking to build their own brand or to be exposed. In banking, you don't typically get exposed as the executive because you're you're a bank. You can't really go out there. So, we essentially offered the platform for them to look incredible just out there, get the exposure and distribution because we have quite some reach and you're next to this uh relatively hip brand in the banking space. Not fintech per se, but more big fintech, more, you know, trustworthy, credible. So, our podcast program has been a massive success just getting entry by just having CXOs uh in the conversation and I'm personally the host. So, that means I meet these CEOs all the time. They're in my show and we have a dialogue like we have here and um yeah, by surprise it's always with a target account, right? That's the strategy. Uh very high leverage, very little investment. Um the second one that to me really stands out is uh just classic events. like if you know who you need to meet and I also know where these people are where they are speaking or where they are showing up to a physical setting and we make sure to also be there and there's a whole preflow to make sure that we have a meeting with them or that we have a certain um let's say opportunity to connect with them appropriately and then following that there's uh there's follow-up. The third one I would like to share is is a little bit more recent. There's a program we run which is called vault which is not backbed branded but it's a community for CXOs in banking which has chapters. The first chapter is women in banking uh where the opportunity there is to actually connect them globally and and just create a safe space for them to connect compare notes learn from each other and what have you. And at this moment in time the program only runs for three months. We have 38 CXOs, female CXOs that are in the seed that are in our, let's say, target account base who we have access to and they're actually grateful for us connecting them. Um, and they have these circles where they can communicate and basically have dialogues all the time. So in a way I'm building communities >> uh in a very respectful and thought um yeah thoughtful way to just connect people with people which is not a given these days anymore. Um so if you if you listen closely I'm not as much on the thought leadership pumping content and doing a lot of AI slop on the channels. Yes, we have a content strategy that engine is massively important to just score in the LMS appropriately, but to get into the door and get the conversation in the future pipeline bucket. It's very little tactics that just get the yes, I'm happy to do a podcast with you guys or sure, I'll show up for the webinar without any prep for 30 minutes just have the dialogue and be exposed. Um, yeah, I can go on, but there's there's there's many of these tactics that uh, let's say I had to open up the hearts and minds of my team to understand that that's actually more than sufficient. >> They just get entry. It's people's business in this case. >> We have an interesting followup question from Maisa. out of three key accounts uh were they all vendor unaware and you had to engage them or you had accounts in future pipeline then back your focus. >> Yeah. Uh yeah look there's already a natural distribution right. So the moment you would implement it and you score your accounts and you you basically see them appear in the buckets um your actual pipeline is is already all the way to the right and most likely you're not even activating as much anymore on top unless you need to multi thread. So there are definitely some uh some moving there. I would say that the um if you look at just the target accounts so the ear marked accounts within the 3,00 that we need to work against that's the one that I care about most to raise awareness to bring them into dialogue and eventually into pipeline when we started the initiative um a to measure it for which we build a complete signal engine that's maybe for another moment guys um but we basically saw that around 30% was either already in dialogue with us or in pipeline And the remaining uh let's say 60 70% was indeed unaware and those are the ones that you are investing all that um let's say campaigning and awareness building against to get them in. Um happy to report that right now that number is looking very different. Uh so around 60 to 70% is now aware is showing first signal and or is highly engaged. There's still 20 30% completely cold. There's also some markets where yeah, you know, the digital strategies don't just don't function. >> So, you also can't measure them. So, they need to get into physical events and there's a bit of data entry and then you see it uh let's say pop up over time. Um but yeah, I would say the starting position was 60 70% was pretty cold which you then need to warm up and basically get into the next stage. >> You know what I find fascinating about what you just shared with us? Uh we we we spoke about awareness and all the tactics just like almost all of them were relationship based. They were based on >> creating a community, creating a conversation peer-to-peer or you being one of the executives. I know that your CEO is also participating in a lot of those executive conversations. Yeah, I know that you also have people subject matter experts uh who are out there. They're sharing uh their insights. They're they're educating but also having these relationships. So in the age of AI, we we're seeing a lot of tech for a company that is as advanced as you with AI. We still talking a lot about relationships. I I and I don't think that's the ex that's an accident. I think that is actually what you said what you said as well yourself. It's something that we all need right now. I think we would be remiss not to talk about AI because um you mentioned several times you just mentioned the signal engine, you mentioned uh you know research, you mentioned a number of processes uh that are very important for running ABM for the operational running of it. um scoring uh understanding where your accounts are, collecting all this data, many different processes. So, could you break it down for us um how your engine looks like and what are the major processes where you saw the biggest bang for your buck uh in terms of AI investment? >> Yeah. So, happy to share a few thoughts uh and also experiences so to where we are today. So last year around July we were coming up with the renewal of uh the ABM platform that we had six cents or demand base. It actually doesn't matter which one it was. And I I realized like I'm not getting the value out of that particular platform because it's blackbox. It's keyword driven. I have no idea what's behind it. Of course you do, but like it it's very hard to defend the value. So I figured out, you know what? I'm just going to terminate and I'm going to use that funding uh to start figuring out if we could self-build a signal engine. We're of course a relatively advanced company. I myself have an engineering background but mostly had a very smart engineer in one of the teams uh to work with. And my hypothesis was if anyone can now do research with at that moment still perplexity or chat GPT but by now it's of course um um Exa which is great fire crawls fantastic. If you combine them well, you get incredible results. But in the early days, I felt these are just data pipelines. And if we somehow bring them together, we make our own model. We do scoring. We map it against our accounts and you just run it every week, you you you already get third party signal. You're going to get your social signal, which you can also acquire through a few set of APIs. You're going to combine it with your sales signals, which for which we have people AI already running on our Salesforce. um and you combine it with your overall marketing signals, all the campaigns, events and what have you. Just bring that together. It took us two to three months and that was the start of the signal engine which allowed us to continuously score these accounts based on the whole universe of what's happening around them. Uh white box meaning today I had a meeting to tune one of the elements. We do that all the time. So we're tuning it ongoingly to really make sense for the accounts that we are servicing and looking after which is a pretty unique I imagine but b uh it it turned into a saving of course we have token spent and so forth but we tune it and uh I think it's been two months ago where we shaved off 60% of the token cost by changing a few of the parameters and that I think that will sync to a very low run rate eventually which is a few thousand per month which you cannot license one of these platforms for. Now, why was this the starting point? Because I just created the gap on purpose. It's also the baseline that you need to actually start scoring accounts. You need to get that intel somewhere collected. Plus, it was my um biggest quick win to to turn people's mindset into, hey, if we can self build it this fast, perhaps we can do more. which now let's say fast forward one year evolved all the way into our own GTM OS which um indeed is a yeah it's it's it's a full-blown application that runs agentic workloads that runs our processes that runs workflows some are completely humanled some are fully agentic autonomous um I look at all of my teams as engines in the platform like literally they're turned on everything is running I see all the KPIs all the time I can roll them up um but even more so the reporting now that we had on beautiful slides which is very aligned to the full funnel methodology. I now was able to bring it to life and we are able to bring it to life real time. So I can literally see accounts moving through over time and I can show the actual impact on which moment in time which campaign which touch point mattered and why and how it then relates into pipeline. So if I take a step back this is um very helpful if you're a startup and you have no bureaucratic stuff to deal with. you can do this very fast and I think you you shouldn't go any other way. If you're a midsized company, it might be a bit more tricky because of resourcing funding and just getting it off the rails off off the ground. If you're at a size similar to ours, which is 300 million um in revenue, give or take, I think it's a no-brainer because I'm a firm believer of go to market alpha. like your go to market and the way you go to market is IP because everything is going to be commoditized, content is commoditized, strategies will be commoditized. So you better have a very unique view on how you drive your full go to market motion from the sellers down to the marketeers. That collective engine you need to have a take on it and I'm now able to have a very strong vision together with my CRO and the operators around us. Uh which we built in a way which yeah it could be a product. It could literally be something we license out externally. We will not. Um, but it gives us a way to go to market that others do not have. And that's the let's say alpha. That's the the profit between commodity and hey, we are very unique in how we do all of this. Um, so a little bit of charade for self-build while at the same time we are investing in tokens. We are investing in other tooling and infrastructure which displaces you know a few other uh applications and elements that we brought together so far. So your overall spend will go up. You don't per say go down in headcount, but the productivity and the quality is 100x. And I'm not even, let's say, making up a big number here. It is literally 100x. So the 3,000 accounts I was just talking about yesterday. I scored all the clusters in 5 hours for all these accounts with all the stakeholders with all the details in 6 hours. Total cost around $500. That is a,000x compared to doing this with human labor and you know actually spending your time there. Now just assume that you can work run these workflows as systems all the time. Yeah, you're you're playing in a different league and that's that's my game. I want to play in a different league. So that's also what we're um absolutely doing with the teams. >> Thank you. we have touched on multiple let's say processes and you also mentioned the signal based engine that you have created if I can uh maybe summarize um and maybe you can add a few more processes um what are the typical ABM processes that you run with AI let's say and maybe we can do a breakdown in that way what do you outsource fully to AI Right. And what are the key ABM processes that your team that your teams run? >> Yeah. So, we're getting close to doing account selection. Uh let's say agentically, meaning there's a whole set of variables and parameters that the agent will utilize to score these accounts all the time ongoingly based on everything that it knows. The technology is very suitable for it. So you just need to really build it appropriately and with proper detail and review internally so it really delivers as expected. That's uh I think in a few more weeks we will have it running practically real time which is then your input to account research because let's assume we've got 500 accounts where we really have the right ICP fit for all the variables that we score against. Okay. So those 500 accounts how do they map to where we could enter? Well, that is account research to me >> that you absolutely farm out to AI because it does research at a level that is just completely superhuman, right? The level of detail, the level of data and context it can digest external as well as within your own CRM is just second to none. Of course, you need to look at it then, but getting all the intel up to the surface that is absolutely uh AIdriven. The third one uh that follows is mapping out the buying committee the DMU towards the clusters that actually matter to that particular institution. The majority of them are already in our salesforce but to enrich them and to really do a few loops of runs of finding the other individual roles. Uh we utilize Exa for it's an agent that uses XA to find all these individuals and then ingest them into the platform. Nobrainer. Nobody with uh like no person should spend their time there. That's just silly. So again, no-brainer to do and you can run it practically completely autonomous because we also double check and triple check with guards and what have you. Following that, you need to select what actually goes into which bucket. Is it an ICP cluster account and goes into that particular campaign? Is it a future pipeline? Is it an active 101 focus? Right now that is a manual decision. So basically the team decides, hey, which account goes where and how do we optimize that? um we are at a stage where we can actually build the strategy of um the tactics that you would like to deploy at a timeline. It's also not crazy to do that with AI because it can do it very well and hold true to the framework. However, the execution then is practically the human meaning hey with these three stakeholders comment on one of their LinkedIn posts and make it thoughtful. So you actually go in as an individual and you have an opinion. It's not AI slop. It's not generated. It's not automated. You basically start that dialogue. Um shoot this individual at that moment in time a DM or the connect via your CEO. So all these different steps um some of them I think we should automate eventually to get a little bit more volume out of it. But to actually engage at this moment in time is all humanled because if you listen closely our BDMs eventually will not be doing all that research, all that mapping, all that committee cleaning blah blah blah. they get pushed to the actual individuals that matter to us and they can start relationship building. Um, and I'm seeing more of that already happening in the pockets where we apply this all the way and I do not want to replace that. I think that is you can tell this is AI [ __ ] This is a bolt talking to me. I'm actually annoyed and I would dequalify the brand. Right? So that's where we're trying to find the balance scale clearly in the first part and then the actual relationship building and reach out at the right moment for the accounts that matter to us is human. If the accounts are not target accounts but they are in that bucket because there's enough engagement that I will probably put on autopilot very soon because you can't invest your BDM power there. You you you take the AI to actually do a little bit of work there but keep it nicely metered. Hey, and then lastly, of course, you can generate any tactic as a result because you've got all this context. Love letters, yes, we generate 80% of them and then you have a good you put a proper reader eye on it and you optimize it. If you want to build an ICP cluster webinar, of course, we generate it exactly based on the pain points. We make a nice deck. We invite the right people and we go. Um, but still, there's someone in the driver's seat. there's someone working against a certain pocket of accounts that wants to set up that webinar because it's the logical next thing to do that that doesn't go automatic. Um so I can go on and on and on but I think if you distill the principles it's all the research all the assimilation all the context creation that's all fully uh fully driven by uh by AI. I'll just uh very quickly excuse myself after. Also, I just want to be mindful as well. You mentioned you were back to back. So, in the case that you would need to stop in a minute, please let us know so we can wrap it up, Tim. Uh but uh I have >> five more minutes. >> Okay. So, thank you so much. I'm just going to have to excuse myself. Thank you. This was awesome. and we can pick up a few questions from our community as I know we can continue and for hours I have like quite a few questions to ask but maybe for the next time we'll have a good reason to to schedule another episode for the next season starting from September. So let's pick up this one from Kartik. With distribution becoming a key mode, how you doubling down on distribution in the era of AI slope? Yeah. >> Yeah. This is a it's a great question, Cararthik. And I I don't think there's a a real full answer today. I mean, there's an answer today, of course. Um, you got to play nice with the LLMs, meaning recency is very important. PR and media is now becoming more important because it's well scored. Having good repres representation on Wikipedia, Reddit, uh, LinkedIn is now scored properly. So, there's new channels coming together that influence the LLM scores. And you can either buy air ops or something similar to continuously churn out relevant blogs that allow you to, you know, um, get the highest rankings in the prompts and in domains that matter to you. I think that's a no-brainer. At the same time, it's table stakes. So, if you don't do it, that that's just silly. Just actually play and and go either invest or or build or operate whatever you uh find is the right way for you. But you have to get into that motion where uh to continuously being top of mind in the LLM context, you just have to deliver uh with a content engine and it has to be systematic. It cannot be human le that there's just no way you're going to get a breakthrough. That is one. Two, distribution to me is more how do I get access to my audience? Um and at this moment in time, it's still relatively costly because I don't own the LinkedIn audience. So, I'm paying for it every time to get engagement and to boost posts and whatever. So, one of the major investments we're going to be making right now up until end of next year is build those communities, those close-knit communities uh that that are ours. We own those communities. They cannot be monetized per se by anyone else, by a platform player. Um I think email is going to be materially more valuable in the coming period because that is the most trusted entry point into the daily life of any individual. So if you have a very high quality distribution through email where you deliver value all the time, you are looking at something very meaningful for your marketing operation. So one of the experience we're running is called Momentum. It's a CXO newsletter, so for CEOs only. Um, and it's one-to-one invites via our CEO's profile and every two weeks we give them a very high quality distribution email that just summarizes all the crazy stuff that happens in AI in banking and we just yeah removes we do signal versus noise. Um, that already had 70 signups and it's it's just getting started. So we have 70 CEOs that are in our distribution which we can talk to every other week. And I'm now more thinking from that angle to to get owned uh distribution more than yeah rented or eventually earned because the cost is just getting out of hand because these platforms are raising the prices all the time changing their algorithms. Um so the moment you've got something going probably very soon it's going to be killed again. So that's my vision and philosophy on distribution. I think we're at 5% of where we should be. So we have a lot of leeway still to go. Uh which is indeed podcast, webinar, newsletter, u you know, community building, all those things that are for the majority of you I believe top of mind topics. >> Thank you. And maybe just to wrap up our chat um if I would try to summarize everything that uh we have discussed today. And um let's imagine we have a conversation with a fellow B2B CMO who wants to implement let's say the global ABM AI native function. How would you maybe how would you explain the step-by-step process, the core steps uh that should be taken in a certain order, right? And how to to make it successful. So, I think it would be a good summary. >> That's a big question to answer still, but I'll um I'll try in a few minutes and I I honestly do have a conversation to go to, but I think first of all, get the senior alignment. So at your peer level that's either your sales counterpart or your founder CEO. Um and in doing so you have to be strategic and tactical like really get on the same page on how this whole engine is going to work. That's why I really like the frameworks of full funnel because it really specs out relatively tactically what happens in each layer of the framework or in each bucket of activities. What are the things we're going to do? Why do they matter? What is the KPI we're going to measure to eventually see velocity? So that first part you need to do is championing, creating understanding and alignment, creating the mental buy in to then pull the trigger and go and invest and change the way your orc organizes and and you know operates both on the sales side as well as the marketing side. Two, um, my belief system personally is that you need to be very hands-on uh, to drive change. Otherwise, it's a spreadsheet or a slide deck exercise, you give it to a few individuals in your team and you will just go off focusing on your day-to-day. That that's not the leadership I would bring to drive change here. Um, meaning I I would I would argue to actually run one of the parts together with uh, you know, the gentleman from funnel or at least be very close to it. Uh, so you understand the deeper mechanic. Um, because by operating, you're going to see the limitations. You're going to see where your team finds misalignment. You're going to see where your team is blocked. You're going to see where your team is maybe understaffed or underqualified at this moment. Be very close to the shop that you're running. And and thirdly, you need to be the champion all the time to continuously defend the program because you're going to get push back and there's going to be delays and there's going to be a whole bunch of uh standard change management challenges you have to go through and you need to be the strongest player to continuously fly the flag uh to keep pushing. Um and I think there the the visibility you create overall all the time is the thing that will move the needle eventually and then you will find that other people other senior people are going to start talking about it in a very positive way because you are delivering you're close to it you're accountable you're also taking a hit if it's not working or if it's delayed or whatever uh to eventually I think it takes one to two quarters to show some real result to say this is what we've been able to do compared to the benchmark so let's actually bring the whole org to that new model which will take you at least 6 to 12 months on top. So you're buying time with the way you run, operate, stay close and you know continuously create visibility. Now I'm not sure if that's what you were looking for because I know you you like a more technical answer per se but I think this is the difference between succeeding and completely tanking on it next to being tactically involved on an initiative like this. >> Love it. Thank you so much. I think it was a brilliant answer and with that being said I think we can wrap it up because uh it's just more than one hour of us talking. Thank you so much for coming and for having a friend conversation with us and thank you all guys who joined and who asked the questions. Um, I think these were fantastic questions and with that being said, we'll pause for a summer break and come back with the new season of podcast um later this year in September. Thank you so much all team wishing you all the success and wishing you guys a fantastic summer. Have a great one. Take care everyone. Most >> welcome. Thanks everyone. Thanks. Thanks a lot to be here.