Source: https://youtube.com/watch?v=-RAJVNnewkY

You have to let them fail a little bit. You have to give them opportunities that they could take and do everything in your power to make it really easy on them, to make it super simple to post on LinkedIn or to get a great story out there, to have an amazing presentation at a big event and let them be the ones to make it not happen and then see the impact of that. And it's soul-crushing. You put all that work into it and you're like, "If he if that person could just get up on that stage and do this this great presentation, this story presentation that I've built, right, instead of the pitch or if this person would just take the time to like read this thing that I wrote for them and and put a couple edits in there and then put it out on LinkedIn and just see what happens. It doesn't have to be perfect, right?" But sometimes they don't do that and they're the ones who are going to miss out on the impact and I think so long as you know that you did all your due diligence and you did everything you could to bring that to the table and make it as easy on them as you could, it's on them. Yeah. There's only so much you can do at the end of the day, but I do know your frustration. I've experienced it of like doing everything you can, but seeing lost potential by what you're unable to execute on. That is even more frustrating in my opinion. It's more tragic to like see what could have been never happen and then just kind of get stuck in the same rut of the same old, same old or I mean, I've had it happen where executive, you know, demands a brief or a pre-read two days before the meeting. You get on the call, they're eight minutes late. They didn't look at the brief and they're like, "Why are we here?" Yeah. And you're like, "This is my life." Like how am I supposed to win? How am I supposed to raise the bar? How am I supposed to differentiate our brand when this is kind of the hand I'm dealt week over week?" And I've told many marketers, I'm like, "If this has happened two, three, four, a dozen times, you know what your sphere is and what you're going to be kind of like trapped in." The pattern. So you have to be okay staying and dealing with it or you have to be ready to leave. And I think that's hard for a lot of marketers cuz it's like, "It's not so bad. It's not so toxic." And I'm like, "You're probably right. It's more of a matter of are you okay with complacency?" Yeah. Because that's what it's ultimately going to come down to.