Source: https://youtube.com/watch?v=7SKd2cchGd4

What if you didn't have to pay for a course? What if you didn't have to pay for coaching? What if you didn't have to wait for every single answer you've been waiting for in order to start building your personal brand on LinkedIn? What if you could just sit? Well, today we're live in Bosnia with my good friend Jasmine Alik, Fortune 500 copywriter, over 350,000 followers on LinkedIn. And today we're in front of 50 people from 20 different countries live and we're going to be answering every single one of our [music] from the algorithm, from how to create content, from what content actually gets leads, and every other question that people have been gatekeeping from you, [music] but we're not. So, Jasmine, are you ready? Born ready. Let's go. The LinkedIn algorithm. Oh, that's a short answer. No one knows how the LinkedIn algorithm works. I feel like the one thing about the LinkedIn algorithm is we try, we do our best. We do our best to understand it. Like we do our best to draw inferences and to kind of deduce things. I'm using big words. But, no one really knows how it works because LinkedIn doesn't want to let us in on that information, ever. I was at the LinkedIn offices. I was at the headquarters in New York City. I asked. No one knows. Not even the employees know how it works. But again, we as creators, as coaches, as people who have a little bit of more insight than the average LinkedIn user, we genuinely do notice certain things that are happening that not everyone can notice. So, as far as the LinkedIn algorithm hacks and videos that are concerned, it's almost never, almost never, LinkedIn confirmed information. But it is user confirmed information. I feel like that's a distinction that needs to be made already at the beginning of this conversation. >> I think that's what's caused all of this controversy recently around the LinkedIn algorithm came after the release of 360 Brew, the paper that got released, eight pages, 42 sentences long. And it caused a lot of confusion, more so than clarity. And it was released by LinkedIn's technical team officially. But then later it was withdrawn. Then it was found in archives where people were able to draw their own conclusions. Now, I read this paper back and forth many times because I was doing a script for a an algorithm video. The conclusion that I arrived to is that not even the LinkedIn engineers understands human psychology and what the paper says versus what is true at hands actually doesn't make sense because what you and I see versus what these papers confirm is very different because ultimately when these engineers are creating the new algorithms and how, you know, now it's just instead of different little algorithms it's just one. That doesn't take into account human psychology and how everyone in this room, you and I, interact with each other's posts because you cannot engineer that. Surely it can help, yes. And yes, some posts may get a lot more reach, but if we're just following from these data points and saying that educational content is the best content, is the only content that's going viral, yet via our own research, after we spent what, 5, 10 hours on the platform every single day, we notice what goes viral. It is not just educational content. It's actually memes, stories, and even comments. Our two cents, yes, algorithm updates are there, but they are not the only update that you should be thinking about. Like you say, LinkedIn is not B2B, it's not B2C, it's H2H, which is Human to human, guys. Always, forever. >> At the end of the day we're dealing with humans. You guys are engaging with our content and I think when we are optimizing for human interaction rather than just mechanics, things actually work and you build a truly authentic personal brand without having to suffer with the authentic type of content that actually doesn't perform. >> exactly it, right? Like we talk about the algorithm as if there's some sort of set of rules that we have to follow as humans. And it's like someone else controls it. But it's like literally the other way around. What is an algorithm? An algorithm is just a result of human behavior. Like we, the users, create the algorithm, right? It's like we love a good meme. We love a good joke. So it's not LinkedIn pushing memes. It's not LinkedIn making memes go viral. It's us as people. We're reacting to it. So naturally, the more you react to it, you're going to start to draw in more content that is exactly like that. If you react to more memes in the feed, you're going to start to see more memes in the feed. If you react to more educational, businessy, niche content, you're going to start to see more of that in your feed as well. So I feel like this whole conversation about, "Oh, what's the latest algorithm update?" The question is, "How have we, the users, been behaving recently?" That's the question. It's almost like, for me, like when I said I said this on a recent podcast and it got a lot of engagement. Someone asked me, "What changed recently on LinkedIn cuz you've been here for years and years and years?" I'm like, "Nothing's changed in the last 5 years." And it was like complete silence for like good two to three seconds. Like, "What do you mean nothing's changed? We keep seeing new algorithm, new update, new this, new that." And I'm like, "Literally nothing's changed." Every piece of content, every bit of behavior that has worked 5 years ago on LinkedIn, on social media in general, still works. It's just certain trends. The music, the style, the colors, again, the type of humor that exists on the internet. It's only that that changes. But what's underneath the behavior, the kind of content, the psychology behind the content, like if you can write a good book, it's the same style that worked in 2000 as it is, you know, 20 years and 30 years later. It's the same style because it's all psychology. It has nothing to do with algorithms. If you're looking at what makes a good image, what makes a good photo, like I talked to you guys about this a lot about distractions in the photos, right? Like make sure you center your face, like the rule of two-thirds. Make sure it's not completely in center, it's like off-axis a little bit on the first line if you're looking at two-thirds. It's like it's psychology. These are evergreen principles and no algorithm can change this. Especially with LinkedIn, I feel like you and I know this. There was a time when there was only text-only content. Mhm. Right? And we were doing a lot more text-only content. But then LinkedIn came out and said, "We are building a LinkedIn feed." LinkedIn said it. Now, imagine what the consequence is. Like what could possibly be the consequence of a platform telling you, "Hey, we're going to push more video." Naturally, what do people do? They create more video. So then it's like, "Oh, video is popping. Video is like getting some love from LinkedIn." I'm like, "No, it's not. It's just that people started creating more video." See how this works? It's almost never the algorithm. It's just our behavior. And yes, human behavior kind of changes over time, year over year, with trends. That is the key part, with trends. But human behavior, in terms of psychology, in its essence, in terms of how we think, in terms of how the brain reacts to certain things, this hasn't changed for hundreds and thousands of years. Worth remembering. Whenever you see a conversation about the algorithm, remember that. It's almost never the algorithm, it's us and our behavior. >> Talking about psychology and human behavior, there's this bias that I like thinking about, it's called novelty bias. Mhm. And I recommend every person watching this and you guys in the audience to think about it anytime you see a new update. Brand new LinkedIn playbook. New way to get leads. How often do we see these online? Multiple times. But why do we see them? And more so, force yourself to think, why do we click on it every single time? Because we are consistently thinking about the next best way to do something. And hence why when we see the new algorithm report, the new algorithm trend, the new algorithm PDF with 80 pages saying the same thing, but covered under the disguise that is for 2026, 2027, 2028, forever, we are almost forced by our brain, like main dominant brain, to think, "Oh, there must be a new hack that I can use to get ahead." And in reality is that we as humans, we want to look for shortcuts and that's normal and that's fine. But when you understand that in reality there is no shortcut to build a million-dollar business, a multi-thousand follower personal brand, and there is just psychology, good content, and great positioning, you understand what you need to do faster and you stop getting distracted by this new shiny object syndrome of, "Oh, LinkedIn just released this video feed. Now I have to learn how to create video and I have to be the best at doing video forever." It's not that. It's, "How do I use what I currently have to adapt to the trends that are currently happening while still using the same thing that I'm still doing in order to still kind of like benefit from these new algorithm trends." For example, Jasmine and I do this very often, but we do it with a lot of tact. So we don't clickbait people in. So there was this post that Jasmine did, I think two months ago, and it was like, "I went to the LinkedIn headquarters. Here's everything I know about the algorithm." And then it was a listicle with 10 things. In the 10 things, they were like, one, they have great LinkedIn headquarters. Two, they love burgers, too. And three, something else. Are you going to pull it up? >> I could pull that post up. And in reality, Jasmine was taking advantage of that novelty effect, but also kind of taking the piss in a very British sense at all of these algorithm hacks and trends because there is no news when we go to the LinkedIn headquarters. You and I have been to the LinkedIn headquarters over like four times each. Do we learn anything? No. Do we teach them stuff? Yes, because what we learned is that the LinkedIn headquarters and the people around it, they're not essentially us. Like they're not addicted to the platform. They're looking at it from a business lens and a marketing lens from the outside. How to sell Sales Navigator to more businesses. How to do that. Rather than the algorithm saying this, they don't know. I found the post, by the What did it say? >> The hook was, "Here's what I learned at LinkedIn headquarters." And the rehook said, "Including stuff about the new algo." You see what I've done? New algo, right? So you have a reason to click. I said new for a reason cuz people are, again, always looking for that latest hack, that latest trend. So, here's a list of 10 things. Number one, they have the best fries I've tried in New York City. Number two, they have logos in different colors on every floor. Number three, nobody knows how the LinkedIn algorithm works. And then number four, the Empire State Building entrance is massive. Number five, not a single soul mentioned video to me. But you see what I'm doing? I'm literally not clickbaiting people. I said, "Here's what I learned at LinkedIn headquarters." And I'm sharing my experience. And there was just one line to get you curious that said, "Including stuff about the new algo." I didn't say here's a breakdown, here's a strategy doc, here's a PDF. I never said that. So out of the 10 things I mentioned, only two were like, "Oh, we were looking for this answer." And I'm like, "Nope, you're not going to get it." Cuz even I can't get it. I can't get that answer cuz no one knows that answer, right? So, it's like you kind of got to make fun of the fact that everyone wants to truly, deeply, really get information outside of LinkedIn, right? You want to talk to them, you want to talk to the people who work there, and you want to get a 100% certain answer that says, "Here's what to do, 1 2 3. Here's how you can get the most success on our platform." And you know what? You're never going to get that answer. Trust me, I've tried. I've been trying for the last 5 years. Never have I gotten a single piece of insight where it's like a 100% certainty. Let me ask you a question. How does a top voice badge on LinkedIn get awarded? >> Wait, do you have a top voice badge? >> I don't have a top voice >> Oh, me neither. But Wait, how many followers do you have? How many followers do you have? How many followers do you have? >> have no clue. 358,441 at the time of recording this. No top voice badge. No top voice badge. How many people do you think you have converted to the platform? >> Goodness gracious. >> Mhm. But here's the funny part. Recently, like a couple of months ago, LinkedIn did this purge of top voice badges, and they removed a lot of top voice badges for a lot of people. I can't tell you how many people messaged me, and they were like, "Yasmin, did you lose your top voice badge?" Same. Yeah. And I'm like, I never had it. So, my point is, you can be a top voice of the platform without a freaking blue badge. The badge is just meaningless colorful thing you put on your profile to make, you know, to make you feel good about yourself. But ultimately, it's your audience who decides. It's the business that you build. It's the amount of money you make from the business. And that authority, that creates a top voice. When people follow, heck, what are we doing here? We got people from 20 countries who flew for no other reason than to hang out, right? To meet me, to meet Laura in person, to see Bosnia, and to see each other, to meet in person. So, it's like, to you guys, to each and every one of you, you are top voices. You are literally top voices to each other. And do you really need a blue badge to verify that? No. The answer is always going to be no. I feel like the point that we're trying to make is we always look for shortcuts, somehow, for whatever reason. It's human nature to look for shortcuts, to find that shiny new thing that works, and then we want to try it, and we want it to work for us. But it's like, there are just certain things about human behavior that will never change, that have never changed. So, instead of focusing on trends and hacks, let's just study a little bit more about psychology, about user behavior, right? Let's read those books that are evergreen, right? I always talk about the book Don't Make Me Think Influence by Robert Cialdini. Influence by Robert Cialdini, there you go. I feel like it's these timeless principles of human behavior. This one talks about how to genuinely influence people in the right way, and how to stay top of mind, and how to never leave the mind of the people you want to impress, convert, and keep in your life. That's influence. The book that I mentioned, Don't Make Me Think, it's a freaking UX/UI book about behavior in the online world. But when you're looking at like websites and landing pages and how we behave, where do our eyes go? How much, how fast do we scroll, and where do we click? That is literally user behavior that then you can apply to any platform out there. So, let's study a little bit more of that, right? Let's really fall in love with psychology again. But let's really fall in love with writing, the craft of writing. And I feel like this is the perfect time to kind of segue into AI. Yes or no? Cuz I know you have some thoughts on it, cuz you already have an AI writing tool. Yeah. >> I have a different perspective on it, and you know it. I'm not against that, but I feel like it's a great conversation to be had. >> AI versus no AI, let's go. I'm the non-AI team, you know this. >> I know this. Yeah. So, do you want to fight? >> want to fight, because you're going to lose. Yo, I can't believe this. I always win. Of course. It's you versus you, so you always win. That was the quote. Period. >> it in a post a couple years ago. I feel like that's also one more thing that is kind of a timeless conversation. How much do we really start to trust other things? Not even going to say tools and AI or whatever it is, cuz it's always going to be something new. How much do we trust other things, yes, things, versus our own brain? The more AI evolves, the more we lose touch with our own thoughts. It's not the end result that matters in this conversation. The end result is ultimately, you're going to get to it, right? Whether with or without AI. You're going to get to the end result, you're going to determine, "Hey, this is good enough for me. I'm going to put it out there." Then the audience decide, "Okay, it's good enough. We're going to put perfect." But I feel like what's a very terrifying conversation to be had is the first step of that process. Who does the thinking? Whose end product is it really? Right? And that is exactly why I wanted to talk about this, cuz it's a tough conversation. >> It's not tough for me. It's actually quite dramatic, in my opinion. Oh, let's go. Let's just we are on opposite >> hear where you are, seriously. >> opposite sides, but you're going to see us like in our house. Our house fight? Not for alive. That's fine. >> Well, FYI, Yasmin and I fight literally every single day, so this is normal for us. All right. So, my case for AI content. The winners of the future are the people that you say I win they have previous expertise that they can turn into AI-generated content. The losers are going to be the people that over-rely on AI to create their own thoughts, because they've never really thought a unique singular idea by themselves. So, people like you and I, people like the people in this room that have done the work, that have had clients, that have had, you know, build their own frameworks. Some of you guys are authors, some of you guys are coaches, some of you guys are students. You've learned enough to be able to put that specific expertise into an AI model, and let it write your own expertise for you in a more concise, tangible, LinkedIn-friendly formatted way that 2 to 3 years ago would have taken every single one of you hours or months. No, not even months or even years to learn. Like, how many of you took like, I don't know, over 5 months to understand how to write a good hook? Like, raise your hands. Yeah, many of you. How many of you like still are struggling to understand how to format a good post or how to write it? Yeah? So many of you like, when you have your expertise put into one document, and then you are able to enable AI to do the hard work for you, because you guys are busy. You guys run businesses. Some of you guys are parents. And I think that is what AI is enabling to do for people. Save time while it's remaining an expert. We're not intending to remove that expertise part, because we've seen what happens, and it just creates generic But when you put an authority that just doesn't want to spend the hours that we spent learning copywriting into it, they can actually win. And I've seen it firsthand. Like, I've seen some of our clients at Creo get their first viral post. And you just well as I know the power of being seen for the first time. Mhm. And the outstanding effect that it can do for someone's visibility, and also your ego. Like, you feel good, you finally feel seen. And I think that is the role of Creo. It's not to take over your brain, it's to enable it to go faster and do better. Perfect point. Now, here's me being the devil's advocate there in that scenario. Everything you described is about learning and understanding and making it easier, correct? Right? Cuz it's like, it's going to save you time, correct. AI should help you with that. That's what you should use it for. Also, for context, I'm not against AI. I've never been against AI. I'm just against this one piece of the process, one piece. Everything you described, there's learning things, do use AI, it's going to save you a lot of time, right? In the past, you literally had to go to 4 years of university. Now, you can just ask AI to summarize something for you, and literally explain it to you in your style of learning. That's crazy. You're going to learn it, A, check. Do use it for that. Save yourself time, save yourself a bunch of stress and money. Number two, learning and understanding go hand in hand. So, number one, learning for the first time, then understanding it, you're going to be iterating a lot. But then comes the application part. And this is exactly where I start to have a problem with people, not AI, with people. There's creating your own thoughts, and there's managing thoughts created by AI. I have a problem with the other one. This is just me being very personal. I coach a lot of people. I've coached hundreds of people all over the world. And I hate seeing people not use their brains. It's like, if someone else creates the thoughts for you, and then you manage the thoughts so that it sounds like you, bro, why didn't you just think for yourself in the first place? Cuz if you can manage the thoughts, and you know exactly what to convey, why didn't you do it in the first place? It's like, it almost takes more time. That's the only part of the process that I have a problem with, the creation part. It's like, 2% of the process. 98% is good AI usage. The 2% is what I have a problem with. Who creates the thoughts? And we're already seeing this. There's research out there that suggests the signal that it takes to get to the human brain, the electric signal to the nerves, it's slowed down for the first time in human history. That is terrifying information. No one's talking about it. It's slowed down in just 5 years. Meaning, we're not using our brains to create, we're using our brains to manage, and that is different. It's almost like going to the gym, and someone else is lifting the weights for you. It's like, you have to have that strain. You have to do the work, right? It's like having a spotter on the bench press. It's like, if you can do it by yourself, best believe you're going to get stronger. Best believe long-term, you're going to be a different person. But if you have a spotter, it's usually a slower process, and you're kind of relying on help. So, that's the part I have a process with. And sure, it could be a personal opinion, right? But that's why I coach people, because I do have personal opinions. I do have personal agendas here that really don't align with everyone. And I feel like that 2% of the process, creation of thoughts and managing thoughts, which one are we doing? That's genuinely a question. Which one are we doing? Are we thinking for ourselves? Are we allowing AI to think for ourselves, and then managing that? You don't have to answer this question. This is just something to think about. This is just something I love to ask. And everything you described, it's a beautiful example of how to use AI properly. >> Well, that's how we should be using it. But what you're describing is the winners and losers of the next era of AI. And you are backing the winners, because the winners were always going to win with AI or without AI. The winners are winning faster with AI, because they're using their own thoughts. They understand that their own thoughts are very valuable, and they're not just putting, "Hey, ChatGPT, write me a LinkedIn post that goes viral." And it's like, "I am celebrating my new hire fire emoji." Like, no. They're the people that take that quick little write-up, and then they add their own thoughts, and that's who you love. That's who I love. >> to touch upon that. And I feel like that's the easiest example ever, right? So, just so we don't get misunderstood, like, you shouldn't be using AI. No, no, no. I I never said that. No, it's like, yeah absolutely. >> There you go. It's like, when you're given it instructions, there's a specific type of way of prompting AI, right? And I feel like the majority of people, they just prompt it by trusting it. It's like, "I need a post on XYZ topic, write me something in the style of this creator. Done. But that's not enough. You've done zero thinking. But if you can say this, write me a post on this topic. Here's what I want to communicate. Here are some thoughts that have recently been on my mind. A, and then give it some quotes. B, give it some quotes. C, give it some quotes. Maybe give it even a bullet point list. Then write in the style of this creator. Now you've done the thinking because you already know what you want to say. But it's like you're not a writer. You're not a professional copywriter. Like you don't know how to say it properly so that it sounds attractive. It makes for a good hook. And it makes for a great structure of a post. That is the correct usage of AI. Why? Only one difference. You've done the thinking. And now when you're managing the output, you're not managing AI's thinking. You're managing your own. It's just that AI helped you save a lot of time. It's really that easy. I feel like it's a 2-minute fix. But most people don't do it. And that is exactly why I have a problem. I see people overly relying on AI. And those are genuinely going to be the losers of the next age of this online game. again, they were going to lose anyway. They were going to lose anyway. Because they're like taking the fast track and shortcut. But this needs to be talked about. It's easy to fall into this trap. For real. It is. But I think I've been able to fall into that trap many times. Luckily, I've had people like you to save me out of a trenches of any shiny object. But I think it's necessary to fall into it to see how bad it can get. And to feel like what you'd look like when you're trying to be a carbon copy of anyone else. Like how many times have you logged onto LinkedIn and you read a post and you're like, did I write this? Wait, that's not me. Like literally, that's my post. >> But there are some tools out there that I should probably sue. They're using your name and your likeness. >> then we see the difference. Like our content would get 2,000 likes. Our content would get 30 likes. Same content, different like it's not just the content, it's also the community that we've been able to build. And I think that also segues really well into like the people that we have in the audience right now. Like this is not just from formatted AI content. This is from like years of effort that we built over the last four or five years. And now we're able to be here in front of all of you guys because of that. Not just or perfectly formatted content and the fact that we used an image that uses your whatever thingy of that he screams to everyone about. Or the perfect carousel. It's been because we've leveraged the thing that AI cannot do well yet. I think that too ever. And that is building a true connection and emotional connection with people. And that's what we've done very well. And I think that's what's missing from a lot of people's LinkedIn strategies or every overall marketing strategies is the thing that you cannot scale. And that is community building. You cannot scale that. Not everything should be scalable. Like we cannot hire people to do what we do, which is talk to you directly. And we love it. >> think the name of the game is in those who love to play it even if you can't pay someone else to do it for you. Speaking of community, do you want to take some community questions? Because we did bring people here. There's about 50 people here in front of us. All right. So, I have some rules. I want you guys to ask us the hardest questions you wish you had the time to ask either of us. Like ask us something that you actually want solved once and for all. You have us both here. And I will say this, even if it's a personal question. Because I feel like a lot of times when I write stuff that it's like behind the scenes content, like how I approach things, like certain problems that I fixed. It's like you guys resonate more with that compared to like a piece of advice type of post that I would write. So, even if it's like a super hard personal question, feel free to ask. I will be very genuine in my answers. Who wants to ask questions? Let me just see how many hands we have so far. Okay, we'll go one by one. Hi, my name is Lorraine. Hi Lara. Hi Yasmine. And I flew from Singapore to Sarajevo to see you guys and the amazing Linkup community. >> [applause and cheering] >> Uh my question is, I do two things that are very different. I'm a lawyer turned coach. So, I'm an executive coach. And I do data privacy consulting. And when I meet personal branding people, they can't stand it. So, they're yelling at me going, no, one person, one brand. Ditch it. To move your executive coaching to Instagram. Only talk about consult data privacy consulting on LinkedIn. But my ICPs are there. And being remaining in the lawyer community gives me face time with my ICPs. I'd love your thoughts on it. So, let me just ask you this. What you're saying is even though you have a two-pronged brand, the ICPs pretty much still aligned. Yes. So, why is that a problem? It just looks like two different services. It's not two different brands. That is okay cuz here we are, we have like three or four different company brands, right? Both of us. This is just a question that I will try to give an answer to you personally, but it's also a generalized answer to everyone. I feel like the whole niche down conversation, it's necessary, but at times it's also very irrelevant for a lot of people. Here's why. Sometimes you just happen to do two different jobs, but the audience is still the same. In your case, it's about the audience you're speaking to. You're just offering two different things to them. So, two things you need to remember. Number one, you can do it that way. Continue. There's no one you that can tell you you should just be doing this, you should just be doing that. Continue doing what you do. But number two, do remember, and this is me giving you an honest opinion based on hundreds, thousands of people I've coached. It will be harder for you to position yourself. It will be harder for you. The easiest way to position yourself is to be remembered for that one thing and that one thing first. It takes a lot of years of branding, positioning, and being out there, and being successful with that one thing first. I keep saying this because only after that time period has passed, I believe it's the right time to introduce a second thing. My question, honest question to you, and give me an honest answer. Do you think enough time has passed for you to be doing two things? Have you positioned yourself in just one of those like really, really well? Well, I I'm known I just need a yes or no. Don't complicate. Have you positioned your well yourself well? See? So, just remember this. You can continue doing it, but it will be harder for you. It will be harder for you. Okay? >> My question back to you is, if there's something that's been pressing on your mind, right? Cuz you asked me this as well yesterday. Is it impacting your revenue or your ability to grow your business or your personal brands? All three. Like not knowing which niche to go for and having to I don't know what I don't know. I know why I'm doing two. Are both making you money? Yeah. You're good. Yeah, you're fine. You're good. Cuz like if it came to a point where you're like, I am struggling to make money for either, then our conclusion would be to drop the one that is not gaining you any leads from LinkedIn. But if you're doing well in both right now doing what you're doing, then you're fine. But if you're asking, hey, okay, so now I want to double down on my following, then what I would personally say, being someone that's has four different businesses in different niches and uh sometimes it doesn't make sense. I would say find the intersection between what you do for one business and the other. And there's always going to be a middle ground where you can relate to both audiences. And that to me will always come from storytelling. So that you can talk openly about the fact that you have two different offers and why you're passionate about them. And then talk to those two types of ICPs, which are essentially the same. And then communicate that why you're doing both and why you're excellent at doing both. That's what I would do. Awesome. I I love your refreshing answers. Thank you. Thank you, Lorraine. Hell yeah. Who's next? Hey. Hi. I'm Nikki. I want to ask a non-LinkedIn related question, but something we can all relate to. Is have you ever experienced burnout? And if yes, what exactly did you feel and how did you overcome it? What what do I say? What do I say? You know my answer. Yasmine and I share this new favorite quote that we both loved. And it says, you can't burn out, you're not a candle. Yep. I even have a hoodie that I received from a community member. Shout out Linkup community. The reason why I personally don't think I've ever burnt out is I understand that burnout comes from when you're doing things that you don't love, right? You can feel tired. You can feel exhausted. But I think the word burnout has been overly used. Like ADHD, like OCD, like anxiety, and everything else. If you're doing something you love, you can't burn out. And if you feel burnt out, maybe you're just tired of doing the exact same mundane thing without getting any results. I think that's what leads most entrepreneurs to exhaustion and feeling burnt out because they're not seeing any progress. think about all the entrepreneurs like Elon Musk, Sam Altman, that face endless hours of work and they still don't burn out is because they are tired. They're working endlessly, but they're working with a purpose and they're seeing micro success cues. And that's what I've engineered my life to become. Like if I'm feeling tired and I'm feeling like I want to quit, which by the way happens a lot. Like you wouldn't think that I think this often, but like maybe once a month I want to quit all my businesses. I'm like, I'm done. Done. I'm like, either I've heard this. Yes. She's right. I'm like, can I sell it? Can I go away? I just want to go to sleep. This is not for me. I just feel like I'm shadow banned and something. Like, oh my god, Yasmine, the algorithm hates me. He's like, no, shut up. And I'm like, yes. And then I'm like, how can I engineer a micro win for myself so I can keep going? And that's how I've dealt with it. Otherwise, when I burn out, I'm like, I'm tired. I just need a rest. I just need a day off. And that's it. I have a different perspective. I agree on everything you said. But the fact is during the process of building, whatever you're building, right? And no matter how old you are {slash} how experienced you are, there will come a time when things get overwhelming. There will come a time when things just don't go your way, no matter how much planning and strategizing you do. There will come a time when something happens in the world and it affects everything you do, and you had nothing to do with it. The other problem is you can't impact it one bit. But the key is in how you respond to it. There was a podcast or a hip-hop song or something I heard like years ago, and it literally changed how I view adversity, how I view challenging times. The quote was, this is what hard is supposed to feel like. This is what hard is supposed to feel like. It's not meant to be easy. It's not meant to be comfy. It's not meant to hug you. If you're building something, it's going to get hard over time. And things that you have to work for, they're usually the things that are worth having. They're usually the things that are worth fighting for. But in that process, that's where burnout kicks in. You know you have to fight for it. You know you have to keep building, but you get tired. It gets hard. It gets overwhelming. Just keep repeating to yourself. I swear it's like a mental exercise. Literally, just close your eyes and repeat to yourself, this is what hard is supposed to feel like. This is what it's supposed to feel like. Once you accept that, it's like, okay, bro. Good. Like genuinely, it's like, okay, this is it. I'm literally on the way. I feel like burnout and this feeling of overwhelm convinces us that we're doing something wrong. Like nothing is working. I'm failing. I'm supposed to quit, right? But once you tell yourself, I'm exactly where I need to be. This is part of the process. This is what it's supposed to feel like. Things get easier. Maybe it's just me, right? But I love rewiring my brain and convincing myself that everything's going to be okay. Think of a diagram, right? Something happens. Can you impact it? On one end you have, yes. Why worry? On the other end is, no. I can't impact it. So my question is, why worry? Right? And then like with all overwhelm, it's like, can you impact it? Yes, you can. Because that is exactly how it's supposed to feel like and how you respond to it. Whether you quit, whether you lie down, whether you just drown in your sorrow and cry for days, or whether you just continue going and say, yeah, this is literally what it's supposed to feel like. This is the part of the process that I'm supposed to go through because it could literally just be 24 hours and things are perfect again. So I feel like we talk about burnout as if it's this mythical creature that attacks us and we have no cure for it. There's no weapons against it. Hell no. It's really just a tiny little signal you need to send to your brain and say, I'm exactly where I need to be. It's just part of the process. I have to go through it and that's it. Ultimately, it's like going to school. We all hate exams. Everyone hates exams. On the morning of the exam, you hate going to school. You fear something. But you know at the end of the day, those couple or several years of school and university, they're going to pass or you're still going to graduate. And you're not going to remember all of those times because at the end of the day, the outcome matters more than the journey. Take a week off. Yeah, but it also has a lot to do with what Laura said about, you know, engineering your life. Again, this is a deep conversation, a long answer to a very simple question, at least in my mind. I take three-day weekends now in my life. I didn't always do this, right? There used to be a time in my life when I worked 17-hour shifts daily, 7 days a week. Was it hard? Hell yeah. Did I need to do it? Hell yeah. Do I need to do it now? No. But it took that to get to this to now have four-day workweeks. And heck, this week, because you guys are here, because we're having a meet up here in Bosnia in my home, worked 2 days. I'm now at a place where I have this blessing, right? And luxury to just wake up in the morning and say, I'm not going to work today. But again, until you get to that point, that little feeling of, oh, burnout is coming, it's going to be there. Just accept it. Tell yourself this is exactly what it's supposed to feel like and just go, push through it. You'd be surprised how powerful our minds are when we convince ourselves that we can go through anything. I want to add a little bit to that. There's this really good book that I recently read. It's called What Doesn't Kill Us. It's based on Wim Hof. Do you guys know him? Yeah, cold plunge guy. A guy, very cynical researcher, went to see what the fuss was about around Wim Hof and how apparently doing cold plunges could really change your neurobiology in your brain. And what he discovered after being so cynical about this guy that apparently could beat a bacteria just by breathing. He came to the conclusion, one of many, that we as humans have evolved with technology to the point where we have avoided doing hard things and we have become resistant to the hard things because we've been enabled to the easy thing. When you as a person, especially as an entrepreneur, that truly wants to be successful, you expose yourself to hardship on purpose. You learn how to thrive in it and enjoy it. It gives you this upper hand amongst 99% of people because most people avoid the hard things because we have enabled ourselves to avoid it. We have Google Maps. We have Uber Eats. We have the internet. We have ChatGPT that can answer anything without us doing the hard research, the hard work, the hard client conversations. We now have AI. When you're facing hardship, when you are about to burn out, when you are getting so many knows that it hurts so much that you feel like you're not doing anything wrong. And you stick to it and you see the light at the end of the tunnel. Maybe 1 week after, maybe 1 month after, maybe a whole year after. You'll be so proud that you went through all of that hardship because a lot of people didn't and now you know what hard really feels like and you enjoy the success more. But you also understand how to deal with it again. It's not as hard. And then you do the hard thing many, many times and you become really good at it. That's what happened to me when I started the business. And dealing with businesses like building a B2B SaaS, I had no idea. But now I do. But it was really hard and I wanted to quit so many times. So we almost pulled Cleo out because it was so hard. We had lawyers talking to us. We had so many legal battles. We have competitors. We had people that like were fighting against us. I at some point didn't believe in the product. It was so hard. But I am so proud that I pulled through. And it was hard, but now I can tell the story. And that also makes you a more interesting person to listen to because no one roots for the person that is winning. They always root for the person that is an underdog. And when you are an underdog and you give yourself the stories to tell, you become a more interesting person to listen to and follow. So it's a great personal branding piece of advice, too. Go through hardships because you never know when there'll be a good story to tell in a few years. This turned motivational real quick. I love it. I love being motivational to people. It's a blessing. More questions? Hi, I'm Pooja. I'm from India. Laura, good to meet you. I am always, always fun to meet you, Jay. So and of course to Leka. Thank you everybody. I love being here. My question to you is, my core offer is ghostwriting, right? And end-to-end LinkedIn management. So in a way to say there are so many LinkedIn strategies, experts, whatever you call yourselves. So in a sea of sameness to stand out, you spoke about a differentiating factor yesterday. What are the questions you ask yourself to stand out in this sea of sameness where everybody seems to be offering the same at varied prices. How do you do that? Is part one. And part two is, when I have scaled up to a level that I've reached, but I'm just stuck here. It's like I can't move and I don't know why and what to do next. So how do I go ahead? I see you on LinkedIn a lot and I was telling Jay about this. Like Pooja, you're so different in person. And like I would love to see more of that because that is your unfair advantage. How charismatic and almost like immediately bubbly you are. I feel like that is something that you should talk about more on your LinkedIn and like make it more obvious. So how can you make real life Pooja into LinkedIn? Link Linkify her. And I think a lot of it comes from your actual stories, like the things that you shared. That is what I would pay a ghostwriter a premium for. The way that you manage things, the way that you communicate, the way that you are. And the best way to do that on LinkedIn is to one, story tell. Two, educate on the things that your ideal clients don't really understand. So like I, you're a mom. You manage your time incredibly well. You're also ghostwriting for people. You get like, if I was to see your process on how do you ghostwrite for a client versus the other 10 other processes that I see, oh, use Claude and then put the 10 top viral posts and then ghostwrite 10 viral hooks. I want to see what Pooja does. Like how do you do that? A client would be so much more interested in that process versus the typical AI funnel process that everybody's following. So I would do that to differentiate yourself. Like more stories of you. And also your individual process. Cuz I don't think I have seen that yet. So I should focus more on what I do in terms of how I write. Yeah. Well, ask me. I'm a ghostwriter that also built an agency. The thing that always got me the biggest fish was literally just sharing my process. Cuz the clients that I landed by sharing the carousels weren't the ones that were interested in how to go viral. They just wanted to see the behind the scenes to see that I was able to do it for them. They weren't going to copy it cuz they didn't have time. They wanted to make sure that my process aligned with theirs. So. So that would help me go from where I'm stuck to wherever I need to reach. Yeah, that's what helped me. I don't know where you're stuck. Like I said, like price? Yeah, in the sense I'm stuck at the price point. I'm not being able to go higher or I'm not attracting the right kind of clients. Honestly, I'm not sure. I mean, I do use storytelling. We do have challenges that, you know, Jay started in the community and that's kept me more focused. I reach out to prospect every single day. Sometimes even twice a day. But it's a guide at the back of your head, but now it's become a habit. And because it's a habit, it's helping me get a lot of queries. But for some reason, I just feel I'm fitting into this sea of sameness. I'm not being able to find why me over a Lorraine or >> Let me give you an answer. Yeah, go. Hi Pooja. Again, I love meeting Pooja in person. She's amazing. I will give you two bits of advice. And this goes for you as much as it goes for everyone in this room and everyone watching this as well. Do things you're proud of. We don't do that enough. I have to say this. We don't do things that we're proud of enough. We do things we think will work. And everyone can relate to this. We do things that we think will work. We're stuck over analyzing the hooks, the strategies, this and that. And we write that kind of content because we're like, we're almost counting on it giving us more leverage, more visibility, more this and that. This is why like when people ask me like, why are you so positive in your content? It's because I love what I write. I love every single piece of content that I put out. There's not a single post that I haven't loved personally that I've put out. I will write five pieces of content. I will just publish one because I really feel like this. And I didn't do it for the algorithm. I didn't do it because I felt like, oh, everyone's going to love this. No, I did it because I truly believe in it. And because I'm proud of that. And I know for a fact because I've coached hundreds of people in person. I coached thousands of you in the community. You still struggle with this. Because you're doing things to be good to the algorithm. You're not doing things to be good to yourself. That is number one. Now, number two. What makes an expert? What makes an expert? Opinions. Not information. This is crucial. So in your case, the way you position the problem right now is, I don't want to stay stuck attracting the wrong kind of audience with the same type of price expectation. The way you said it is like you feel some certain way about it. What's your opinion about it? Why don't you want to share that price? Why do you want to share a higher price? Why? Can you verbalize that? Because I just feel for the time, effort, and energy I put into it, I deserve more. So you're saying because you put time, energy, and effort into it, because it's really quality output that you know is going to work and bring in results for them, that's why it costs a little bit more. >> Yeah. Why don't you ever say that in your content? Literally like that, using those exact words, word for word. Verbatim. Because it feels wrong. No. Exactly. And that is exactly what is right. Here's [snorts] where we are now. You see, we're trying to be likable by everyone. It feels wrong. Why does it feel wrong? Because we're going to repel certain people. Not all people, certain people. But what is your problem? You just explained it. You're attracting the wrong people. Meaning the solution is you have to repel them. You have to repel that kind of audience. You see? You're doing the wrong thing by not attacking the problem in your content. You're not saying what you should be saying to attract the right audience. You're playing the safe thing thinking you're going to repel a certain bit of your audience, but that certain of your audience is exactly the certain bit of your audience that you should be repelling. This is what we call polarizing content. This is what we literally have experts for. Why are you here today listening to me, traveling to meet me in person out of all the other places you could have been in the world? Why are you here to meet Laura in person as well out of all the other experts you could have met in the world? Why? Because there's certain things about us that are attractive to you in terms of expertise. And let me tell you what that is, it's opinions. It's not just the frameworks, it's not just the solutions, it's our opinions and how we approach our businesses. That is what makes an expert. Everyone can share a tip. Everyone can share advice. Who's the person behind it? Why do you feel about this piece of advice this certain way? Why? Whenever you're sharing your content, this is like evergreen piece of advice. Wherever you're sharing content, no matter where it is, what platform it is, if you give me a piece of advice, tell me why I should care. Tell me why you feel so strongly about this advice. If you tell me, "Your hook should always be a one-liner on LinkedIn." Why? Cuz if you just tell me, "Your hook should be a one-liner on LinkedIn." Every single person in this room can repeat that same piece of advice, but why should I trust you more than the next person? That is your problem. You said, "Sea of sameness." But if everyone shares an opinion about that piece of advice, every single bit of those posts is not the same. You see? Because you attribute that piece of advice with an opinion now that gets drawn to a certain person, certain name, certain level of expertise. And that is what you fall in love with with a coach, that opinion, not the information. And a lot of experts never share their opinions. They just share tips and tricks. It's almost like again, we're scared to repel people, but that is the purpose of branding. You want to attract the right audience and you want to push away, not in a negative way, by the way, because that is branding. Why do we brand ourselves? Why do we brand products? Why do we package products? Why do we put certain colors on things? Why do we put certain fonts on things? Why? Because you want to attract the right audience, right? If you want to look premium, right? If you want to charge a premium. And if you just put red and green, you're laughing because you know those colors don't go together, right? Can you charge $10,000 for it? Hell no. But if you put a black background with a gold sheen font, ooh, you see? Now you're branding for the right reason. Because by default, branding means you're attracting a certain bit of audience, you're repelling a certain bit of audience, but what you're saying is you've never ever once came out there with your actual words in your content to repel that type of audience. What you said today, word for word, when I asked you, repeat that in a post. Please, I dare you. I challenge you to write that post. Send it to me inside our Link Up community. I will review it personally and I will tell you, post it this way. Let me tell you, I know that post is going to bring you clients. I know it for a fact. Before we wrap up with this question cuz I think I relate to you in many, many ways. I've been through the exact same phase where I had to battle with the personal branding overwhelm of personal brands on LinkedIn. And I was like, I know I can do something differently. So, I created this bulletproof method for our clients that has been proven to work by people who were in your exact same position, were in the same niche, and couldn't get ahead. I call it the PCC framework, positioning, content, and conversion. Yasmine covered the part. So, how do you stand out in a sea of sameness? You position yourself as a leader, you give your polarizing opinions, and you show your work. That's very important. So, think about that. How many times a week can I do a polarizing opinion about something that no one in the industry is talking about, but I do? Another one is, what do your type of client want to actually read on LinkedIn? Because your type of client may not want to read another hook post. They want to know what's trending for their niche on LinkedIn right now, and they want you to know, they want to see that you know exactly how their market is moving. So, if Who's your ICP? The C-suites. So, in the C-suite world, what matters to them? You know, operating at a high level, how they can get better hires, how can they hire A-players, how building up a personal brand on LinkedIn can attract them better hires, faster, without them having to go through endless, endless hours of hiring recruiters, right? That is also polarizing. You don't have to consistently be like, "I hate everything. This is why I should be charging more." It can also be a polarizing opinion on their industry because that's going to get them reading you, right? The second part for me is obviously the content. So, like with your split So, like educational content, storytelling content, and then polarizing content, and then sales sales content. So, in reality, how many times have you directly said to your audience, "I am selling something" over the last month? Never. This is where the problem starts. If you don't promote yourself, no one is going to do it for you, and that is the harsh truth that no one wants to accept. No one is going to promote you better than you promote yourself. And we've been sold a lie across social media on LinkedIn that if you create good content, it will sell. That is partially true, but it doesn't work for everyone. Like, you still need to create content that makes people aware that you're selling something. You cannot be hiding under your storytelling post and expecting a lead to come through. It is essential for you to promote yourself loudly. And you can do what I do, you can do it in sprints. So, I also get the ick. I feel cringey when I sell. But guess what happens when I sell? I make thousands of dollars. Shocking. But what Guess what happens when I don't sell anything? I make zero, right? And this is a harsh truth that I had to learn. I need to tell people that I'm selling something, otherwise they're going to forget. Otherwise, they're going to go to a competitor that is open. Otherwise, they're going to DM the person that is loudly saying, "Hey, I have this program, I have this service, and it's ready for you to buy." So, I think that you probably have done enough storytelling content, educational content for us to not give you advice on that. But what I think you need to focus on is, how can you write conversion-led content once a week, right? How can you desensitize yourself from feeling cringey and making it part of your routine, right? That can start from a lead magnet, basic, you know, simple lead magnet. You're providing free value, you're literally doing someone a favor, and then they're giving you their email. Then you can market to them on email. You can do what Yasmine does incredibly well, is lives, where you can get to show your amazing, charismatic, you know, personality, and then people will convert. Yasmine and I had this moment 3 years ago when we started doing LinkedIn lives together. We literally didn't sell throughout the entire webinar. Yasmine and I, for one of my offers, we made $80,000 in one over like a week of three lives because we were just showing our personality because everyone on LinkedIn is so robotic that none of them actually have anything funny to say. They don't have personality, and you do. And that is one of your own advantages. So, positioning, content, conversion. Puja, what was the challenge that I gave you in the community last week? The challenge was include your prices inside your post. And let me tell you, our wins channel has never been buzzing more. Everyone is saying, "Oh, this booked me calls. This got me X many leads. This got me X much money." You want to know why? Cuz you're finally telling people what you charge, what your service is, and it doesn't feel like selling. You're just literally saying it. That's I feel like something that we need to rewire in our brains. We feel like saying something about our business ultimately means like cringey selling, and it's not the case. Just say it. It's okay. We got more questions from the audience. Yes, please. Hi, my name is George. I'm from Serbia, and since I'm only 19, I'm in the beginning of my new journey. And what did you wish that you knew if you were my age and your beginning of your LinkedIn career in general? What did I wish I knew at the very beginning? You know, this is going to be saucy. Okay, let me tell you this. You believing in the right things is going to piss some people off. It could be like the most generic thing. It's like, "I love to talk about being the underdog, coming from a small country, believing in kindness and helping people." But that's literally who I am. I can't change who I am. That is how I've been raised. That is what I truly, firmly believe in with every fiber of my body. But every single time I've written a post about kindness, it pisses so many people off. You can laugh, but it's it's a fact, and you know this. Like, there's some people who wouldn't have content ideas, they wouldn't have anything to write about if it wasn't for them to write about me. You know this for a fact. But it's usually they're writing about me writing about kindness. And it's like they're making fun of the fact that I write about kindness, and I'm like, "What the hell kind of business model is that?" My point is, no matter what you put out there in the world, what I wish I knew sooner is that no matter what it is, people are going to have a problem with it. Like, literally the most generic thoughts that you have, the most boring, normal thoughts, people are still going to find something wrong with it. And when that happens, and it will happen, it will happen, best believe it will happen. When it happens, just let it run. It's them, it's not you. I wish I learned this sooner. It used to bother me at the very beginning. I'll be very honest. It used to bother me. I used to read every single comment. I was looking for comments where people were disagreeing just because I feel like, okay, what can I still fix? Like, I was still looking at it from a like, how can I get better standpoint? But at a certain point I understood it's like, I can't get better for these people. It's like, I can never get better because they just have a problem with the way I think. It's not even what I said, right? It's just it's you who's the problem. Accept it, move on. There's a beautiful button on social media. I believe every platform has it. It's called the block button. The second you learn how to use the block button, it's your your life is going to be much easier. I'm I'm telling you this because you have to get yourself prepared. I can't tell you how many, how many conversations I've had about this exact very thing. And my community knows this cuz every now and then we get a screenshot from someone saying, "I just got my first hater." You guys know this, right? Like, in the community this happens a lot. I just got my first hater. Like, how do I approach this? What do I do? Block and buy. Block and buy. That's it. So, I'm telling you this in advance. Take it as friendly, brotherly advice. There is a lot of power in proximity. When you associate yourself with the right people, you actually gain what I call speed velocity on LinkedIn, on any life. So, when you are here in front of 50 people, and me and Yasmine included, where we have leverage, when you immediately associate yourself with something that has an ideal audience or already has had an ideal ideal outcome, you can leverage that to get to the next level faster. So, find proximity as fast as you can. Leverage your network, leverage your connections. I use this concept that I call the halo effect, where when you are next to someone, they immediately associate the good things about them to you. So, how can you use that faster weekly in your content to get ahead? View LinkedIn not just as a social media platform, but also as just The moment gamified LinkedIn to just think this is a game I need to detach from it. I sped up and I went from 10,000 followers to 100,000 followers in record time because I detached. I saw it as the game as it was and I leveraged every single card that I had on my deck. The card was broke student. The card was meeting Yasmin Alik. The card was traveling at 15 and moving away from my hometown. Every single one of those moments is an ace card that I could leverage on LinkedIn and that was like my winning ace card to win the game. So, think about that when you write, when you think about your strategy and just simply try to detach as much as you can because it's not real. The people commenting and hating, they're not real. But the people that love you are. That is beautiful advice. Thank you, Laura. Okay, next up. Hi guys, I'm San from Munich, Germany and I had a question to you, Laura, but especially I also would love to hear your She likes me more. She traveled 11 hours for me. And for me. So, I'm running a business for 2 years now, but especially these past few months it has been really life-changing business-wise, which means more responsibility but less time for my surroundings and my friends and they don't really get it. My question to you is how do you deal with that? I don't go to holidays. I just work almost 24/7. That's how it feels like. So, have you ever experienced Oh yeah, but I had to make a choice how badly do I want the thing that I'm pursuing and that included me having monk mode activated, which meant that I didn't see my family for 2 years. I didn't see friends for 2 years. I didn't make new friends for 2 years. But then it enabled me to make more time to meet people like Yasmin and then people that were aligned within my same purpose and they didn't care if I didn't text them on a Sunday afternoon to go to the pub or go to a bar because they knew that I was pursuing the same thing cuz they also were pursuing the same thing. When I started I was in Mexico, there was like no one that understanding me like you right now. And then what I did was like I made the biggest effort to create a community before I left Mexico. So, when I moved away to a country where I knew there were more people in my surroundings that had a similar vision, I could literally just hop in. So, the first thing that I did when I moved to London was go to a similar pre-little thing event where I met 10 people that became such assets to me feeling like I wasn't alone anymore. But I think the lonely chapter in any entrepreneur's journey is so powerful because you learn how to be by yourself. You learn how to love what you do and you learn your craft faster because you're dedicating yourself to it. For the first few years of my business on year four, that's crazy. The time that I spent refining my skill became my own fair advantage because all of these people were like getting distracted with family, friends, holidays, etc. and I was just focused on the one thing and now it enables me to be able to come here on a weekend while I'm like super busy but I still can make the time. So, again, it's not meant to be easy and it can get lonely and it is but that loneliness also becomes an advantage for you because when you learn how to be alone in your own thoughts, no one can beat you. You become dangerously independent to the point where you know how to be alone so you don't need anyone else. But then when the right people come along, you feel full and not empty. So, yeah. I have the most beautiful piece of advice for you but you haven't asked me the question. Let me tell you something that I would tell every business owner who's currently building. You can't reach new heights constantly staring from the bottom. You're looking up, you want to reach there but you're constantly at the bottom. You want to stay in your current environment with your current friends hoping they understand you. They don't. They're not on the same journey with you. You can still keep them in your life. They're part of the mountain but you're at a different level now and I feel like this is something we don't talk about enough in business. They always say like it feels lonely at the top. I disagree with that entirely. It's actually very very nice at the top when you're networking with like-minded people. It's like it's beautiful. It's lovely. The climb is the lonely part because you have to understand in order for you to grow out of one environment, you have to grow in to a new environment. But that process of growing is in the middle and you're currently right there and you're kind of feeling pushed back is like my friends don't understand me. I can't explain it to them even if I wanted to. Let me just tell you that's normal. Just picture yourself you're climbing in the middle of a mountain knowing where you're going. Don't look back. You think hikers when they start hiking they're like midway they're like oh yeah, no, right? They go to the top. But at the top you meet wonderful people. So, let me just tell you that. Once you're looking at new heights, you can't keep looking at the bottom. And once you reach the top of the mountain, you can't even hear what's going on at the bottom. Remember that. One last thing, I I relate so much. I had this lonely chapter and I felt so bad cuz I was stuck in London by myself at Uni at Exeter actually and I didn't leave my house and at times I felt very very lonely and I didn't have anyone to reach out to. I had actually well, you were there. I broken up with my boyfriend and it was like the loneliest period of my life cuz no one in my proximity got anything and I had this grade I don't know if I got it from my supervisor at university where I was like so depressed and I went to her and I was crying cuz of this breakup and I felt lonely and this business stuff and I had Uni and it was so complicated. And she looked at me she was like, "But you have 50,000 followers. Why do you feel lonely?" And that broke me cuz I was like, "How is it possible that I have such a big audience but I cannot share this feeling that is so private and personal to me?" And luckily for me I had people like Yasmin and also Luke Matthews in my life who were able to bring me out of like that. Are you talking about the 1:00 a.m. call? Oh yes, many many of them. Many of them, yeah. >> And there was like one specific call where I called We weren't that close friends but I didn't have anyone to call. I literally didn't have anyone that understood that specific situation where I was like a business owner and also like a girl trying to like, you know, build my personal life and experience that heartbreak for the second time ever. And I called Yasmin and I was like, "Hey, like I'm sorry I don't have anyone to call but like can you just listen to me for like a bit?" And he did. But can I tell you the back context that you've never heard of that story? >> No, what? My son was sleeping on me on my chest and it was 1:00 a.m. I was awake. I was literally just commenting on LinkedIn. Of course. Yeah. >> [laughter] >> You know, my phone is vibrating. It's like 1:00 a.m. and I pick up. I'm like, "What's up?" >> Yes. And she's crying her eyes out. I can hear it. She's like, "I just got to talk." And it's like those moments on the journey where it's like unconditional support for others. Whether they stay with you or not by the way cuz some people are just going to be there for the moment. They're going to leave. That's fine. That's normal. That's part of the journey. But I feel like those moments are what makes the journey worth it. And it's like right now you feel like it's almost like one part of your life is being torn out. It's almost like you're ripping the page out of a notebook, right? But if you're ripping it out, it wasn't supposed to be there anyhow. It's just going to go to the trash bin. The best piece of advice I can give you is to find three people that are on LinkedIn ideally. That's your world or like at least in the business world that are in the journey and that are willing to give you their time because you've been useful to them in some way. Maybe in a friendship way or like maybe in a networking way. Yasmin and I were just like LinkedIn buddies. We're just like supporting each other but then we scaled that by having that 1:00 a.m. call and then many other connections like that. So, find two people or three and then your journey will become easier. So, we got more questions? Yes, please. I believe that one of the hardest things about personal brand is that it's easy and it's simple in theory. Communication, patience, consistency, all that kind of stuff. But in actuality, so many of us are coming to the game with a lack of self-trust. So, my question to you is one, do you agree with me that that is one of the hardest things? And two, what has your journey to self-trust been? Because obviously you have gotten over this hump that many people struggle with. I can give you a scientific answer because a good friend of mine, Shadi Zarei, one of the biggest, you know, researchers, neuroscientist in the world, she just published a book called The Big Trust. And we also have a LinkedIn course together, LinkedIn learning course. In her book she explains the difference between self-confidence and self-trust. Confidence basically comes from delusion. This is my understanding. I'll just keep it short. Trust comes from action cuz like once you know it works or was it the other way around? Sorry, Shadi. If I'm not explaining this correctly. It's like once you confirm that it works, then you can trust that it will work one more time. Until then it's just like, "Hey, I'm confident." So, I feel like it's inside the journey like the answer to your question. It's on the journey. You can't just be confident. It's like you grow into it. And at the very beginning like a lot of us were talking to each other before a post goes live. Here's the hook I have for the post. What do you think about it? That sucks. No, this was literally the conversation, you know, you have that. So, if you can find a supportive group of friends like similar to the previous answer like people who can genuinely like push you to do better and accept that during the journey some parts are going to suck. It is what it is. That's where confidence kicks in. It's just like unless you know what doesn't work, you can't count on things working all the time. Okay, we're we're going to take a couple more questions and then we're going to wrap it up. KJ. Okay, Laura. You wake up tomorrow. You've lost everything. Money, family, friends, even yourself. You aren't allowed to go back into the same business, SaaS, AI writing, whatever and you have to start over. You can't use the same skills. You can't use the same resources you'd have. Give me three things you would do immediately to go get yourself back up to where you are right now. That's all you. Three things. Let me Let me do the funny thing. I'm telling you this because I was here 5 years ago. So, I'm just I just want to know. Let me do the funny thing. Sorry, what was the question? >> [snorts] >> You've lost everything. You have to start over. Three things. But you can't do the same thing you've done. And I can't use my skills. I can't use any of them. >> use anything. No. Your LinkedIn nothing. All right. Um I wouldn't do three things. I would do one. I would go to my dad. That is That is a flex. And I would ask him what to do [snorts] and I think he never has given me a wrong answer. So, he believes in me more than anyone. Shout out Rego. So, I would go to him. Just one. I love that. Thank you. Thank you, KJ. Any more questions before we wrap up? We can take one more. There we go. Hi, I'm Lena here from Germany. How you frame it so yeah, I'm wearing a Fulton t-shirt on me today. So, my question is I work in B2B. I'm very happy with B2B but because I'm blessed to know four different languages and I see a lack of good specialists on the Russian market on LinkedIn. I kind of feel that this is also one of my blue oceans where I can go and at the what stage of my business >> Can I just ask you a counter question? Do you have the capacity right now to travel to all those places? Get an agent. It's almost like booking speaking gigs. Like it's the easiest thing in the world. Get a speaking agent, let them book the gigs for you and negotiate the gigs for you. They're not going to be paid by salary, they're just going to be paid by commission. So for all of those countries, get a speaking agent that can literally negotiate the deals for you. You're just going to lose like one chunk of the money, pay them for their involvement and for their effort here, and you just go travel and expand your blue ocean. Literally, just get a speaking agent. I'm dead serious. Thank you. And if we speak about the positioning on LinkedIn That's the beautiful part cuz it's like it's still the same workshops, it's just different markets. Correct? >> Yeah, but the Russian speaking tend to be connecting to the Russian speaking content and I don't want to do that. No, but if you go there, are you going to give the workshop in a Russian or is still going to be your usual? You will? That's fine then. It's like I travel, I speak several languages, you know this as well. Like when I go and do my keynotes, I sometimes don't do it in English. Is my content not in English? Oh, everything I do is still in English. So keep your brand intact, but it's like when you're going into new markets, just adapt and during that keynote, during that workshop, during that training. That's it. There's nothing about your positioning that you need to change. Literally. Again, just get a speaking agent. They're going to negotiate the deals for you. So when they ask you like, are you going to be doing it in Russian or English? Russian. That's it. We got one more. Be quick, be quick. Flavia, come on. When you guys realized at the early stages that you actually didn't want to quit, but nothing was working. I'm asking this because after almost 12 months, nothing is working and I do feel like I want to quit, but at the same time I don't want to wait. So I'm asking, do you actually had an epiphany? How do you actually keep going even though nothing was working? Going to be honest, I don't think I I was ever at that point. I can't answer that question. That was like That was the most useless answer ever. I was genuinely never at that point because I was always outworking everyone. It's like I wasn't counting on things to happen. Do you know how much it takes to be online for eight hours per day every day and leave thousands of comments, send hundreds [snorts] of messages, talk to people, talk to people, talk to people, talk to people, talk to people. I'm saying it five times because I want you to hear how annoying it is. It's an annoying process. It's a repetitive process. It's a tiring process. It took four months for me to land my first gig through LinkedIn. But I wasn't going easy those four months. Like I was literally going harder and harder and harder starting day one all the way to month four. The trajectory was going up. It wasn't like I started hard at day one and then like towards month four I kind of fell out because like nothing was working. Hell no. I just kept going, kept going, kept going. So my question to you is, be honest with yourself. Are you amping up the stakes or are you kind of losing out on the motivation after such a long period? >> No, I'm not losing motivation. >> But are you also amping up the stakes? Are you? We had this conversation, so be honest. I know the answer, you know? The key, it's like when you're doing things that don't work, there's usually one of two problems. It's number one, you're not reaching enough of an audience, meaning your positioning is good. You're not doing it enough because you haven't been in the right places enough times, meaning in front of a large number of people. Or the other part is true, meaning your positioning is completely off and you're completely attracting the wrong audience. It's one of the two. But you need to outwork yourself and then outwork everyone else to figure that out. I can't tell you what that is right now just based on one question. But one of those two things needs to happen. You either need to outwork yourself because you're currently not doing enough, or you need to outwork everyone else because apparently everyone else in your field is attracting clients and you can't. It's a hard truth, but you have to outwork people. Sometimes it takes time, sometimes it takes guts, sometimes it just, you know, not sleeping. That's the reality of the journey, but until you get that first client, that first client will give you all the answers cuz then you can be like, what did I do to land this client? And then repeat the process over and over and over again cuz I guarantee you there is something about that one result that is crucial and that is different. Until that happens, I can't know the answer, you can't know the answer. Like what needs to happen? But one of those two things, you either outwork yourself right now because you believe your positioning is correct, or it's completely off and then you got to outwork everyone else because their positioning is good. One of those two things needs to happen. What that is, I'm going to just give you a challenge. You got 24 hours to decide which way you're going to go. Oh my god. No, pick one. Pick one, Layne. And generally just go all in cuz it's like have you ever been in a situation, like a genuine situation? I've been in these situations like where money is running tight. Like you literally see the last bit of your savings. It's like you know if two more weeks pass, I will literally have nothing to eat. If you've ever been in this situation, you stop asking questions. You stop questioning everything. You just do the work, do the work, do the work. There's no question because you got to figure it out. Are you at that point or do you still feel like I'm still not at that point where I'm so hungry? No, I'm at the point. All right. Go all in. As someone that has been in desperate situations where I've wanted to quit multiple times over the last three years, especially over the last year where I felt like I couldn't see the lights or the next big win. I think about the concept of engineering my own luck quite a lot and I talk about it often. Now, for you, in your very niche niche on LinkedIn, there are two things that I would do if I was incredibly desperate to win. And one of them would be, how can I use my current skill set to touch on a larger TAM, which is our total addressable market? Right now your total addressable market is quite small, right? You are in the female space with What is it? Egg freezing, right? So now, let's say that that's not working, but you are specialized in that industry. However, over time you've gained all the skills while trying to build that offer, which is writing, which is marketing, which is psychology, which is course, any other other skills that can stack on top of your current offer, right? So then I could have been at the very start like, I really like social media marketing. I want to be a social media marketing consultant, right? That didn't work because I was competing with Steven Bartlett's agency. I was competing with Amelia Sordell's clout. I was competing with all of these people that already had millions and millions and millions of dollars, had been published in Forbes Forbes on the 30 and the 30, 40 500. So what did I do instead? I was like, I know this skill, I know what I know, and I know this other new thing that I can implement into my offer. What was that? Ghost writing. What was that? Positioning. What was that? LinkedIn algorithm stuff. What was that? Anything else that I picked up along the way while trying to figure out how to sell that current offer that failed, I then stacked it up onto my current offer. So for you it would be like, okay, I have this expertise, but how can I then turn into a larger TAM? So either you can start your own agency for now, which is a lot more lucrative than what you have right now, which then you can use to then leverage to then start that business again when you have time. Cleo, for example, Cleo started four years ago. We only marketed this year. Why? Because we didn't have the resources and anything to position it properly so it could win. So what we did is we put in hold while we built other businesses that allowed us to have that volume in money so we can reinvest into the business. So for you it would be like, okay, this offer is currently failing. How can I make it a winner? How can I use another thing, incorporate another element, maybe a done-for-you for female hormone specialist, for like marketers in the female space that want to understand how to do LinkedIn. I'm not saying start a LinkedIn agency, but something like that that you can do with a current new skill that you have that has a lot more leverage for you. Because if I had to start from zero and I had to make $10,000 by next month, I would do the simplest thing that would create the simplest outcome, which is a service-based thing that can produce an immediate outcome for a client, which is a viral post, which is a new client lead from LinkedIn. Anything that I know I can do that I've already proven to myself that I can do, I will do it and then focus on my next offer when I then have the time and I don't I'm not stressed about money. That's what I would do. Do we wrap up? Here we go. >> Yes. I feel like this was nice. It's nice talking to people in person, man. We write online a lot. A lot of our thoughts are just online, but when you meet people in person, it's a different kind of energy. So personally for me, thank you all for coming. Thank you for being here. Not just for the meetup, for the linkup community, but just here today as well for making this content with us cuz you're part of the content, you're part of the story. And other than that, I just want to say good luck to everyone cuz I feel like everyone here, even though we're together in the same room, everyone is still on their own journey. So good luck to you guys and thank you. Well done, guys. We just wrapped up our podcast. Bye. Well, that's it from Yasmin and I. Hopefully next time we meet is in London live in front of our 100 people. See you, London. Thanks for watching. Stay tuned for the next one. Bye.