Source: https://youtube.com/watch?v=SDvsVDbP7ro

Hey Blake, could you introduce yourself and quickly share what you and your company does? >> I am attorney Blake Harris. I'm the managing partner at the world's largest exclusively offshore asset protection law firm. We help clients protect their money from lawsuits using offshore structures. >> Cool, man. And could you please share what SEO and and ranking on Google looked like before you partnered with us at Breaking B2B? Well, we had been working for quite a while on improving our ranking with SEO. So, I would say that we did have a starting point that we were coming from. We I don't know if I'd say a running head start, but at least a walking head start. And it was getting some traction. So, we didn't come to Sam uh as an infant, but maybe as an adolescent. What what would you say were perhaps some of the challenges or issues that you were facing kind of back just before we we partnered up on on the SEO? >> Well, we just thought that there was given the amount of spin we were putting out potentially better results we should be seeing in faster results and a firm that really understood my law firm super niche focused. We're not a broadbased law firm. Most people looking for an attorney. We don't want them calling us. We just want a very small portion of that of of of them calling us. >> Was there any hesitations that you folks had before you partnered up with us? >> You know, you came well recommended from somebody who I had a lot of trust in. So, it was a pretty smooth handoff from that recommendation to work with you and your team made it very easy to onboard. you have been very fair on your prices, responsive generally and uh No, there wasn't a lot of hesitation. >> No, I appreciate that. And was there any any specifics that kind of made you decide to partner with us opposed to another team? >> Coming recommended by the right person. You've done a good job before and someone is willing to speak up and say that's someone I someone someone I someone I trust and your team did nothing to make me think the recommendation was wrong. How would you say results with SEO have changed since we partnered up? >> We've had quite a few big wins. I think just earlier this week I was got an email that we're now number one for several of the terms that we want to be number one for, including, let's see, what were these ter terms? Best asset protection law firm, which is well suited. Asset protection law firm. Great. Best asset protection attorney. I mean, these are great things to wake up and see that we're ranking number one for. >> Based upon those results that you've seen so far, where do you see things going maybe in the next 6 to 12 months? >> Where do I see things going in the next 6 to 12 months? I hope we're going to get a lot busier. My team has been growing quite a bit over the last year. I think that we're going to see more good results coming in. >> Good stuff. And would you say that the work that we've been doing in terms of the SEO, building out the strategy, helping with the content, the link building, the brand mentions, and all the other parts of the strategy, has that impacted the the organic lead flow that you and your team have seen? >> I think absolutely. >> If you had to pick, would you say there's there's a specific part of our offering that's been the most valuable to yourself? >> You do what you're supposed to do. You do it well. You do it right. You do it on time. And I don't have just simply put, you do your job. You do what you say you're supposed to do. I don't need uh bells and whistles. Um I mean I guess if I was asking them maybe you could supply someone. We want somebody who's reliable, fair fair price. We have a good business. We do some marketing. We do some other marketing on our own and this compliments it and fits and fits well with the overall picture. >> Appreciate it, Blake. And is is there any final points that you'd share if anyone's I guess listening or watching to this and maybe is on the fence about working with us? Is there anything you'd share with them? Marketing is a big part of what my law firm does. We worked with other marketing providers before and uh we have not one complaint about Sam. Looking forward to seeing a lot more wins that will come as we develop this relationship more as we spend more time together. So if you're looking for someone to help with your SEO, to help with your site, to not bring any burden, extra headache to your business, definitely consider giving Sam a call. >> Thanks, man. And we will we'll link to Blake's site, Blake Harris Law, just below. So if you want to check out Blake and his team, all the info will be below. Thanks again for the time, Blake. >> Thank you, Sam. Have a good one. Anytime.